Provider                    |  Level        |  Event ID  |  Version  |  Channel   |  Task                      |  Opcode  |  Keyword                                     |  Message
----------------------------|---------------|------------|-----------|------------|----------------------------|----------|----------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  20        |  0        |  System    |  Service startup           |          |  Service availability                        |  The event logging service encountered an error {ErrorCode} while obtaining or processing configuration for channel {Path}.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  21        |  0        |  System    |  Service startup           |          |  Service availability Service configuration  |  The event logging service encountered a configuration-related error (res={ErrorCode}) for channel {ChannelPath}. The error was encountered while processing the {ConfigProperty} configuration property.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  22        |  0        |  System    |  Service startup           |          |  Service availability                        |  The event logging service encountered an error while initializing publishing resources for channel {Path}. If channel type is Analytic or Debug; then this could mean there was an error initializing logging resources as well.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  23        |  0        |  System    |  Service startup           |          |  Service availability                        |  The event logging service encountered an error (res={ErrorCode}) while initializing logging resources for channel {Path}.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Information  |  25        |  0        |  System    |  Service startup           |          |  Service availability                        |  The event logging service encountered a corrupt log file for channel {ChannelPath}. The log was renamed with a .corrupt extension.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Information  |  26        |  0        |  System    |  Service startup           |          |  Service availability                        |  The event logging service encountered a log file for channel {ChannelPath} which is an unsupported version. The log was renamed with a .UnsupportedVer extension.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Warning      |  27        |  0        |  System    |  Service startup           |          |  Service availability Service configuration  |  The event logging service encountered an error (res={ErrorCode}) while opening log file for channel {ChannelPath}. Trying again using default log file path {NewLogFilePath}.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Warning      |  27        |  1        |  System    |  Service startup           |          |  Service availability Service configuration  |  The event logging service encountered an error (res={ErrorCode}) while opening log file for channel {ChannelPath} at {FailedLogFilePath}. Trying again using default log file path {NewLogFilePath}.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Warning      |  28        |  0        |  System    |  Service startup           |          |  Service availability Service configuration  |  The event logging service encountered an error (res={ErrorCode}) while parsing filter for channel {ChannelPath}. Will continue without filter.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Critical     |  29        |  0        |  System    |                            |          |  Service availability                        |  The event logging service encountered a fatal error (res={ErrorCode}) when applying settings to the {ChannelPath} channel. The service is shutting down since this channel is vital to its operation.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  30        |  0        |  System    |  Service startup           |          |  Service availability                        |  The event logging service encountered an error ({ErrorCode}) while enabling publisher {PublisherGuid} to channel {ChannelPath}. This does not affect channel operation; but does affect the ability of the publisher to raise events to the channel. One common reason for this error is that the Provider is using ETW Provider Security and has not granted enable permissions to the Event Log service identity.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Warning      |  31        |  0        |  System    |  Service startup           |          |  Service availability Service configuration  |  The event logging service encountered an error (res={ErrorCode}) while opening configuration for primary channel {ChannelPath}. Trying again using default configuration. This problem usually occurs if registry has been corrupted or explicitly misconfigured.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  40        |  0        |  System    |                            |          |  Service availability                        |  The event logging service encountered an error when attempting to apply one or more policy settings.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  100       |  0        |  Analytic  |  Event processing          |          |  Service availability                        |  The event logging service encountered an error while processing an incoming event published from {PubID}.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  102       |  0        |  Analytic  |  Event processing          |          |  Service availability                        |  The event logging service encountered an error while processing an incoming event from publisher {PublisherName} and trying to process the metadata for it.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  103       |  0        |  Analytic  |  Event processing          |          |                                              |  Events have been dropped by the transport.  The session name is {SessionName} and the reason code is {Reason}.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Information  |  104       |  0        |  System    |  Log clear                 |          |                                              |  The {Channel} log file was cleared.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Information  |  105       |  0        |  System    |  Log automatic backup      |          |                                              |  Event log automatic backup	Log:	{Channel}	File:	{BackupPath}
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  106       |  0        |  System    |                            |          |  Service availability                        |  Corruption was detected in the log for the {Channel} channel and some data was erased.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  107       |  0        |  Analytic  |                            |          |                                              |  The event logging service encountered an error {ErrorCode} while going through publisher configuration. The publisher {ProviderName} is already installed with GUID {PublisherGuid}.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Information  |  108       |  0        |  System    |  System Abnormal Shutdown  |          |  System availability                         |  The previous system shutdown was unexpected.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  109       |  0        |  Analytic  |  Event processing          |          |  Service availability                        |  The event logging service encountered an error while processing an incoming event from publisher {PublisherName} and trying to process the metadata for it.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Verbose      |  110       |  0        |  Debug     |  Event processing          |  Start   |                                              |  Loading metadata for publisher {PublisherName} ({PublisherGuid}) and trying to process the metadata for it.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Verbose      |  111       |  0        |  Debug     |  Event processing          |  Stop    |                                              |  Finished loading metadata for publisher {PublisherName} ({PublisherGuid}); with {EventMetaDataCount} event metadatas processed.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Verbose      |  112       |  0        |  Debug     |  Event processing          |  Stop    |                                              |  Failed to load metadata for publisher {PublisherName} ({PublisherGuid}). The reason code is {ErrorCode}.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Information  |  1100      |  0        |  Security  |  Service shutdown          |          |                                              |  The event logging service has shut down.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  1101      |  0        |  Security  |  Event processing          |          |                                              |  Audit events have been dropped by the transport.  {Reason}
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Information  |  1102      |  0        |  Security  |  Log clear                 |          |                                              |  The audit log was cleared.Subject:	Security ID:	{SubjectUserSid}	Account Name:	{SubjectUserName}	Domain Name:	{SubjectDomainName}	Logon ID:	{SubjectLogonId}
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Information  |  1103      |  0        |  Security  |  Event processing          |          |                                              |  The security log is now {PercentFull} percent full.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  1104      |  0        |  Security  |  Event processing          |          |                                              |  The security log is now full.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Information  |  1105      |  0        |  Security  |  Log automatic backup      |          |                                              |  Event log automatic backup	Log:	{Channel}	File:	{BackupPath}
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  1106      |  0        |  Security  |  Event processing          |          |                                              |  Events have been dropped by the event logging service. The reason code is {Reason}.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  1107      |  0        |  Security  |  Event processing          |          |                                              |  The event logging service encountered an error while processing an incoming event from publisher {PublisherName} and trying to process the metadata for it.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Error        |  1108      |  0        |  Security  |  Event processing          |          |                                              |  The event logging service encountered an error while processing an incoming event published from {PubID}.
Microsoft-Windows-Eventlog  |  Information  |  6000      |  0        |  System    |                            |          |                                              |  The {Channel} log file is full.