Provider                |  Level        |  Event ID  |  Version  |  Channel                             |  Task  |  Opcode  |  Keyword          |  Message
------------------------|---------------|------------|-----------|--------------------------------------|--------|----------|-------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Information  |  4         |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-ReFS/Operational  |        |          |  VolumeMount      |  The ReFS volume has been successfully mounted.Volume GUID:{VolumeGuid}Volume Name:{VolumeName}Volume Label:{VolumeLabel}Device Name:{DeviceName}
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Error        |  5         |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-ReFS/Operational  |        |          |  VolumeMount      |  ReFS failed to mount the volume.Context: {Context}Error: {Status}Volume GUID:{VolumeGuid}DeviceName:{DeviceName}Volume Name:{VolumeName}
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Verbose      |  6         |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-ReFS/Operational  |        |          |  VolumeMount      |  ReFS is mounting the volume.Context: {Context}Progress: {Progress}
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Error        |  7         |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-ReFS/Operational  |        |          |  VolumeMount      |  ReFS failed to mount the volume. Version {MajorVersionOnDisk}.{MinorVersionOnDisk} doesn't match expected value {MajorVersionExpected}.{MinorVersionExpected} Context: {Context}
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Information  |  8         |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-ReFS/Operational  |        |          |  VolumeFillRatio  |  ReFS fast tier is filling up for volume. Context: {Context}FillRatio: {FillRatio}Volume GUID:{VolumeGuid}DeviceName:{DeviceName}Volume Name:{VolumeName}
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Warning      |  130       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system structure on volume {VolumeId} has now been repaired.
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Error        |  131       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system structure on volume {VolumeId} cannot be corrected.
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Warning      |  132       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system detected a checksum error and was able to correct it. The name of the file or folder is "{ObjectName}".
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Error        |  133       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system detected a checksum error and was not able to correct it. The name of the file or folder is "{ObjectName}".
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Error        |  134       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system was unable to write metadata to the media backing volume {VolumeId}. A write failed with status "{FailureReason}" ReFS will take the volume offline. It may be mounted again automatically.
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Error        |  135       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  Volume {VolumeId} is formatted as ReFS but ReFS is unable to mount it; ReFS encountered status {FailureReason}.
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Warning      |  136       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  Volume "{VolumeId}" was mounted in an older version of Windows. Some features may be lost.
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Error        |  137       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system was unable to write metadata to the media backing volume {VolumeId}. Log redo failed with status "{FailureReason}" . The volume is being mounted without the log applied.
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Error        |  138       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system was unable to open redo log for the media backing volume {VolumeId}. Log redo failed with status "{FailureReason}" . The volume is being mounted without the log applied.
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Warning      |  139       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system detected a global metadata corruption and was able to repair it on volume {VolumeId}. Space may be leaked as part of the repair. If future mounts fail; attempting a readonly volume mount may succeed.
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Error        |  140       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system detected a global metadata corruption and was not able to repair it on volume {VolumeId}. Attempting a readonly volume mount may succeed.
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Information  |  145       |  2        |  Microsoft-Windows-ReFS/Operational  |        |          |  Statistics       |  IO latency summary common data for volume:           Volume Id: {VolumeCorrelationId}           Volume name: {VolumeName}           Tier Index {TierIndex}           Max Acceptable IO Latency: {MaxLatencyMs} ms           Read/Write latency buckets (ns): [{ReadWriteLatencyBucket1}; {ReadWriteLatencyBucket2}; {ReadWriteLatencyBucket3}; {VolumeCorrelationId}0; {VolumeCorrelationId}1; {VolumeCorrelationId}2; {VolumeCorrelationId}3]           Trim latency buckets (ns): [{VolumeCorrelationId}4; {VolumeCorrelationId}5; {VolumeCorrelationId}6; {VolumeCorrelationId}7; {VolumeCorrelationId}8; {VolumeCorrelationId}9; {VolumeNameLength}0]           Flush latency buckets (ns): [{VolumeNameLength}1; {VolumeNameLength}2; {VolumeNameLength}3; {VolumeNameLength}4; {VolumeNameLength}5; {VolumeNameLength}6; {VolumeNameLength}7]
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Information  |  146       |  1        |  Microsoft-Windows-ReFS/Operational  |        |          |  Statistics       |  IO latency summary:           Volume Id: {VolumeCorrelationId}           Volume name: {VolumeName}           Tier index: {TierIndex}           Interval duration: {IntervalDurationUs} us           Non-cached reads:                     IO count: {NCReadIOCount}                     Total bytes: {NCReadTotalBytes}                     Avg latency: {VolumeCorrelationId}0 ns           Non-cached writes:                      IO count: {VolumeCorrelationId}1                     Total bytes: {VolumeCorrelationId}2                     Avg latency: {VolumeCorrelationId}3 ns           File flushes:                      IO count: {VolumeCorrelationId}4                     Avg latency: {VolumeCorrelationId}5 ns           Directory flushes:                      IO count: {VolumeCorrelationId}6                     Avg latency: {VolumeCorrelationId}7 ns           Volume flushes:                      IO count: {VolumeCorrelationId}7                     Avg latency: {VolumeCorrelationId}8 ns           File level trims:                      IO count: {VolumeNameLength}0                     Total bytes: {VolumeNameLength}1                     Extents count: {VolumeNameLength}2                     Avg latency: {VolumeNameLength}3 ns           Volume trims:                      IO count: {VolumeNameLength}4                     Total bytes: {VolumeNameLength}5                     Extents count: {VolumeNameLength}6                     Avg latency: {VolumeNameLength}7 ns For more details see the details tab.
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Warning      |  147       |  1        |  Microsoft-Windows-ReFS/Operational  |        |          |  Statistics       |  An IO took more than {MaxLatencyMs} ms to complete:           Process Id: {ProcessId}           Process name: {ProcessName}           File name: {VolumeCorrelationId}0           File offset: {VolumeCorrelationId}3           IO Type: {VolumeCorrelationId}1           IO Size: {VolumeCorrelationId}2 bytes           {VolumeCorrelationId}5 cluster(s) starting at cluster {VolumeCorrelationId}5           Latency: {VolumeCorrelationId}4 ms           Volume Id: {VolumeCorrelationId}           Volume name: {VolumeName}           Tier index: {TierIndex}
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Warning      |  148       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-ReFS/Operational  |        |          |  Statistics       |  A {VolumeCorrelationId}0 failed with {VolumeCorrelationId}5.           Process Id: {ProcessId}           Process name: {ProcessName}           File name: {FileName}           IO Size: {VolumeCorrelationId}1 bytes           File offset: {VolumeCorrelationId}2           {VolumeCorrelationId}4 cluster(s) starting at cluster {VolumeCorrelationId}3           Volume Id: {VolumeCorrelationId}           Volume name: {VolumeName}           Tier index: {TierIndex}
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Warning      |  149       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-ReFS/Operational  |        |          |  Statistics       |  In the past {SecondsElapsed} seconds we had IO failures.           High latency IO count: {HighLatencyCount}           Failed writes: {FailedWriteCount}           Failed reads: {FailedReadCount}           Volume Id: {VolumeCorrelationId}           Volume name: {VolumeName}
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Information  |  237       |  0        |                                      |        |          |                   |
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Information  |  238       |  0        |                                      |        |          |                   |
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Information  |  272       |  0        |                                      |        |          |                   |
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Information  |  273       |  0        |                                      |        |          |                   |
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Information  |  274       |  0        |                                      |        |          |                   |
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Warning      |  513       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system detected a corruption on a file. The file has been removed from the file system namespace. The name of the file is "{ObjectName}".
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Error        |  514       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system detected a corruption on a file. The file system may have failed to remove it from the file system namespace. The name of the file is "{ObjectName}".
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Warning      |  515       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system detected a corruption on a folder. Contents of the folder have been removed from the file system namespace. The name of the folder is "{ObjectName}".
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Error        |  516       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system detected a corruption on a folder. The file system may have failed to remove contents of the folder from the file system namespace. The name of the folder is "{ObjectName}".
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Error        |  517       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system determined that there were multiple volumes on the given disk so has disabled read cache for the volume "{VolumeId}".  Status is "{FailureReason}".
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Error        |  518       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system could not determine if there were multiple volumes on the given disk (status is "{FailureReason}") so has disabled read cache for the volume "{VolumeId}".
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Warning      |  519       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system detected a corruption on file system metadata. The name of the stream is "{ObjectName}".
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Error        |  520       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system detected a corruption on file system metadata. The name of the stream is "{ObjectName}".
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Warning      |  521       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  Volume "{ObjectName}" detected a corruption on file system metadata. It will lose self-healing features.
Microsoft-Windows-ReFS  |  Warning      |  522       |  0        |  System                              |        |          |                   |  The file system detected and fixed volume size inconsistency in boot sector of volume "{ObjectName}".