Provider  |  Level        |  Event ID    |  Version  |  Channel  |  Task  |  Opcode  |  Keyword  |  Message
----------|---------------|--------------|-----------|-----------|--------|----------|-----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618689  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copy of volume {VolumeName} could not create shadow copy storage on volume {DiffAreaVolumeName}.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618690  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copy of volume {VolumeName} could not be created because volume {DiffAreaVolumeName}, which is specified as the location for shadow copy storage, is not an NTFS volume or an error was encountered while trying to determine the file system type of this volume.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618691  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copy of volume {VolumeName} could not lock down the location of the shadow copy storage on volume {DiffAreaVolumeName}.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618692  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copy of volume {VolumeName} could not be created due to insufficient resources for worker threads.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618693  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copy of volume {VolumeName} could not be created due to insufficient non-paged memory pool for a bitmap structure.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618694  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copy of volume {VolumeName} could not create a new paged heap.  The system may be low on virtual memory.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618695  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copy of volume {VolumeName} failed to query the shadow copy storage mappings on volume {DiffAreaVolumeName}.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618696  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The flush and hold writes operation on volume {VolumeName} timed out while waiting for a release writes command.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618697  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The flush and hold writes operation on volume {VolumeName} timed out while waiting for file system cleanup.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618698  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copy of volume {VolumeName} took too long to install.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618701  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copy of volume {VolumeName} could not grow its shadow copy storage on volume {DiffAreaVolumeName}.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618702  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} were aborted because of an IO failure on volume {DiffAreaVolumeName}.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618703  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} were aborted because of insufficient paged heap.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618704  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} were aborted because volume {DiffAreaVolumeName}, which contains shadow copy storage for this shadow copy, was force dismounted.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618705  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An attempt to flush and hold writes on volume {VolumeName} was attempted while another flush and hold was already in progress.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618708  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} were aborted because of a failed free space computation.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618709  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The flush and hold operation for volume {VolumeName} was aborted because of low available system memory.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618710  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copy storage volume specified for shadow copies on volume {VolumeName} could not be added.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618711  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  There was insufficient disk space on volume {DiffAreaVolumeName} to create the shadow copy of volume {VolumeName}.  Shadow copy storage creation failed.
Volsnap   |  Warning      |  2147876888  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  There was insufficient disk space on volume {DiffAreaVolumeName} to grow the shadow copy storage for shadow copies of {VolumeName}.  As a result of this failure all shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} are at risk of being deleted.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618713  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} were deleted because the shadow copy storage could not grow in time.  Consider reducing the IO load on the system or choose a shadow copy storage volume that is not being shadow copied.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618715  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} were aborted during detection because a critical control file could not be opened.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618716  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copy of volume {VolumeName} could not be created due to a failure in creating the necessary on disk structures.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618717  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} were aborted during detection.
Volsnap   |  Warning      |  2147876894  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An unfinished create of a shadow copy of volume {VolumeName} was deleted.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618719  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  A control item for shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} was lost during detection.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618720  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} were aborted because the shadow copy storage volume was not present.
Volsnap   |  Information  |  1074135073  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The oldest shadow copy of volume {VolumeName} was deleted to keep disk space usage for shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} below the user defined limit.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618723  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} were aborted because the shadow copy storage failed to grow.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618724  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} were aborted because the shadow copy storage could not grow due to a user imposed limit.
Volsnap   |  Warning      |  2147876902  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  There was a user imposed limit that prevented disk space on volume {DiffAreaVolumeName} from being used to grow the shadow copy storage for shadow copies of {VolumeName}.  As a result of this failure all shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} are at risk of being deleted.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618727  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  When preparing a new volume shadow copy for volume {VolumeName}, the shadow copy storage on volume {DiffAreaVolumeName} could not be located in non-critical space.  Consider using a shadow copy storage volume that does not have any shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618728  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} were aborted because volume {DiffAreaVolumeName} has been dismounted.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618729  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  When preparing a new volume shadow copy for volume {VolumeName}, the shadow copy storage on volume {DiffAreaVolumeName} did not have sufficiently large contiguous blocks.  Consider deleting unnecessary files on the shadow copy storage volume or use a different shadow copy storage volume.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618736  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  When preparing a new volume shadow copy for volume {VolumeName}, the shadow copy storage on volume {DiffAreaVolumeName} did not have sufficiently large contiguous blocks.  A shadow copy create computation is in progress to find more contiguous blocks.
Volsnap   |  Information  |  1074135098  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The oldest shadow copy of volume {VolumeName} was deleted to keep the total number of shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} below a limit.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618747  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} were aborted because the shadow copy storage volume was not present in time during a previous session.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618748  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copies of volume {VolumeName} were aborted because volume {DiffAreaVolumeName}, which contains shadow copy storage for this shadow copy, has been taken offline.
Volsnap   |  Warning      |  2147876925  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The revert operation on volume {VolumeName} encountered a bad sector error.  Please validate the data on this volume.
Volsnap   |  Warning      |  2147876926  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The revert operation on volume {VolumeName} stopped because of the loss of a volume.  When the volume is re-introduced, the revert will continue.  You may have to reboot to trigger the revert.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618751  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while trying to delete a snapshot of {VolumeName}.  The delete will be retried at a later time.
Volsnap   |  Information  |  1074135104  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is being reverted to the state of a previous shadow copy.
Volsnap   |  Information  |  1074135105  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The reverting of volume {VolumeName} is being restarted.  This is most likely because of a system shutdown or a system crash.
Volsnap   |  Information  |  1074135106  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The reverting of volume {VolumeName} to the state of a previous shadow copy is complete.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618755  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The shadow copy of volume {VolumeName} being created failed to install.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618768  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  The shadow copy storage is not present.  This volume will go online and its shadow copies will become available once the shadow copy storage is introduced in the system.  Revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618769  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  An IO error occurred during shadow copy discovery.  Please try clearing the protection fault or restart the computer.  If all else fails, revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618770  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  A shadow copy meta data corruption was detected.  Please try clearing the protection fault or restart the computer.  If all else fails, revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618771  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  A memory allocation failed.  Please try clearing the protection fault or restart the computer.  If all else fails, revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618772  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  A memory mapping failed.  Consider increasing the size of the page file.  Please try clearing the protection fault or restart the computer.  If all else fails, revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618773  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  A read failure occurred during a shadow copy on write operation.  Please try clearing the protection fault or restart the computer.  If all else fails, revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618774  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  A read or write failure to shadow copy storage occurred.  Please ensure that the shadow copy storage is still present in the system.  Please try clearing the protection fault or restart the computer.  If all else fails, revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618775  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  The shadow copy storage has been exhausted.  Please try clearing the protection fault or restart the computer followed by an increase of the shadow copy storage or a removal of unneeded shadow copies.  If all else fails, revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618776  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  The shadow copy storage was exhausted before conditions permitted it to grow.  Please try clearing the protection fault or restart the computer.  If all else fails, revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618777  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  The shadow copy storage could not be increased as needed.  Please try clearing the protection fault or restart the computer.  If all else fails, revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618778  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  Please try clearing the protection fault or restart the computer.  If all else fails, revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618779  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  An error occurred when doing a file system operation.  Please try clearing the protection fault or restart the computer.  If all else fails, revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618780  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  A read or write error occurred.  Please try clearing the protection fault or restart the computer.  If all else fails, revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618781  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  The shadow copy storage was made inaccessible or removed from the system.  Please ensure that the shadow copy storage is present.  Please try clearing the protection fault or restart the computer.  If all else fails, revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.
Volsnap   |  Error        |  3221618782  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Volume {VolumeName} is offline for shadow copy protection.  An application attempted to write to the shadow copy meta data.  If this program was run intentionally then turn off protection mode for this volume in order to allow the application (which may be FORMAT) to run.  Please try clearing the protection fault or restart the computer.  If all else fails, revert out of shadow copy protection mode to reclaim the use of the volume while losing the shadow copies.