Provider                         |  Event ID  |  Channel                                      |  Message
---------------------------------|------------|-----------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3001      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity determined an unsigned kernel module {FileNameBuffer} is loaded into the system. Check with the publisher to see if a signed version of the kernel module is available.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3002      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity is unable to verify the image integrity of the file {FileNameBuffer} because the set of per-page image hashes could not be found on the system.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3003      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity is unable to verify the image integrity of the file {FileNameBuffer} because the set of per-page image hashes could not be found on the system. The image is allowed to load because kernel mode debugger is attached.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3004      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Windows is unable to verify the image integrity of the file {FileNameBuffer} because file hash could not be found on the system. A recent hardware or software change might have installed a file that is signed incorrectly or damaged, or that might be malicious software from an unknown source.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3005      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity is unable to verify the image integrity of the file {FileNameBuffer} because a file hash could not be found on the system. The image is allowed to load because kernel mode debugger is attached.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3006      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity found a set of per-page image hashes for the file {FileNameBuffer} in a catalog {CatalogNameBuffer}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3007      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity found a set of per-page image hashes for the file {FileNameBuffer} in the image embedded certificate.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3008      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity found a file hash for the file {FileNameBuffer} in a catalog {CatalogNameBuffer}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3009      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity found a file hash for the file {FileNameBuffer} in the image embedded certificate.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3010      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity was unable to load the {FileNameBuffer} catalog.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3011      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity successfully loaded the {FileNameBuffer} catalog.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3012      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity started loading the {FileNameBuffer} catalog.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3013      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3014      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3014      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity completed reloading catalogs. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3015      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity started validating file hash of {FileNameBuffer} file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3016      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3016      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity completed validating file hash. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3017      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity started validating page hashes of {FileNameBuffer} file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3018      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3018      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity completed validating page hashes. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3019      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity started loading catalog cache from {FileNameBuffer} file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3020      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3020      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity completed loading catalog cache. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3021      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity determined a revoked kernel module {FileNameBuffer} is loaded into the system.  Check with the publisher to see if a new signed version of the kernel module is available.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3022      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity determined a revoked kernel module {FileNameBuffer} is loaded into the system. The image is allowed to load because kernel mode debugger is attached.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3023      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Windows is unable to verify the integrity of the file {FileNameBuffer} because the signing certificate has been revoked.  Check with the publisher to see if a new signed version of the kernel module is available.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3024      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Windows was unable to update the boot catalog cache file.  Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3025      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity determined kernel module {FileNameBuffer} is loaded into the system which does not have a valid embedded digital signature. Check with the publisher to see if an embedded signed version of the kernel module is available.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3026      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity was unable to load the {FileNameBuffer} catalog because the signing certificate for this catalog has been revoked.  This can result in images failing to load because a valid signature cannot be found.  Check with the publisher to see if a new signed version of the catalog and images are available.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3027      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity started loading catalog {FileNameBuffer} from the cache file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3028      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity started saving catalog cache to {FileNameBuffer} file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3029      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity completed saving catalog cache. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3030      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity saved catalog {FileNameBuffer} to the cache file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3032      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity determined a revoked image {FileNameBuffer} is loaded into the system.  Check with the publisher to see if a new signed version of the image is available.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3033      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity determined that a process ({ProcessNameBuffer}) attempted to load {FileNameBuffer} that did not meet the {RequestedPolicy} signing level requirements.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3034      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity determined that a process ({ProcessNameBuffer}) attempted to load {FileNameBuffer} that did not meet the {RequestedPolicy} signing level requirements. However, due to system policy, the image was allowed to load.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3035      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity determined a revoked image {FileNameBuffer} is loaded into the system. The image is allowed to load because kernel mode debugger is attached.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3036      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Windows is unable to verify the integrity of the file {FileNameBuffer} because the signing certificate has been revoked.  Check with the publisher to see if a new signed version of the kernel module is available.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3037      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity determined an unsigned image {FileNameBuffer} is loaded into the system. Check with the publisher to see if a signed version of the image is available.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3038      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity started validating image header of {FileNameBuffer} file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3039      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity completed validating image header. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3040      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity started retrieving the cached data of {FileNameBuffer} file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3041      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity completed retrieval of file cache. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3042      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity started setting the cache of {FileNameBuffer} file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3043      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity completed setting the file cache. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3050      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity completed retrieval of file cache. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3051      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity completed retrieval of file cache. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3052      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity completed retrieval of file cache. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3054      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity started setting the cache of {FileNameBuffer} file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3055      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity completed setting the file cache. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3057      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity completed retrieval of file cache. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3058      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity completed retrieval of file cache. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3059      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity found a set of per-page image hashes for the file {FileNameBuffer} in a catalog {CatalogNameBuffer}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3060      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity found a set of per-page image hashes for the file {FileNameBuffer} in a catalog {CatalogNameBuffer}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3061      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity found a file hash for the file {FileNameBuffer} in a catalog {CatalogNameBuffer}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3062      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity found a file hash for the file {FileNameBuffer} in a catalog {CatalogNameBuffer}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3063      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity determined that a process ({ProcessNameBuffer}) attempted to load {FileNameBuffer} that did not meet the security requirements for {RequirementType}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3064      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  Code Integrity determined that a process ({ProcessNameBuffer}) attempted to load {FileNameBuffer} that did not meet the security requirements for {RequirementType}. However, due to system policy, the image was allowed to load.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3065      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity determined that a process ({ProcessNameBuffer}) attempted to load {FileNameBuffer} that did not meet the security requirements for {RequirementType}. However, due to system policy, the image was allowed to load.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  3066      |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  Code Integrity determined that a process ({ProcessNameBuffer}) attempted to load {FileNameBuffer} that did not meet the {RequestedPolicy} signing level requirements. However, due to system policy, the image was allowed to load.