Provider                  |  Level  |  Event ID  |  Version  |  Channel  |  Task  |  Opcode  |  Keyword  |  Message
--------------------------|---------|------------|-----------|-----------|--------|----------|-----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20001     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot load the NetBIOS gateway DLL component because of the following error: {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20002     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot access registry key values.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20003     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot enumerate Registry key values. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20004     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Parameter {param1} has an invalid type.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20005     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot enumerate the Remote Access Connection Manager ports. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20006     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Remote Access Service is not configured to receive calls or all ports configured for receiving calls are in use by other applications.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20009     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The user connected to port {param1} has been disconnected because there is not enough memory available in the system.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20010     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The user connected to port {param1} has been disconnected due to a system error.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20011     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The user connected to port {param1} has been disconnected due to a critical network error on the local network.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20012     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The user connected to port {param1} has been disconnected due to a critical network error on the async network.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20013     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The communication device attached to port {param1} is not functioning.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20016     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The user connected to port {param1} has been disconnected because there was a transport-level error during the authentication conversation.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20018     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot reset the network adapter for LANA {param1}. The error code is the data.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20019     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Server Security Failure. Cannot locate the computer name. GetComputerName call has failed.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20020     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Server Security Failure. Cannot add the name for communication with the security agent on LANA {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20021     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Server Security Failure. Cannot access the network adapter address on LANA {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20022     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Server Security Failure. The security agent has rejected the Remote Access server's call to establish a session on LANA {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20023     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Server Security Failure. The security agent has rejected the Remote Access server's request to start the service on this computer on LANA {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20024     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Server Security Failure. A network error has occurred when trying to establish a session with the security agent on LANA {param1}. The error code is the data.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20025     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The user connected to port {param1} has been disconnected because there are no operating system resources available.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20026     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The user connected to port {param1} has been disconnected because of a failure to lock user memory.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20027     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Connection Manager failed to start because NDISWAN could not be opened.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20028     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Connection Manager failed to start because it could not initialize the security attributes. Try restarting the Remote Access Connection Manager service. If the problem persists, contact the system administrator. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20029     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Connection Manager failed to start because no endpoints were available. Try restarting the Remote Access Connection Manager service. If the problem persists, contact the system administrator.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20030     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Connection Manager failed to start because it could not load one or more communication DLLs. Ensure that your communication hardware is installed and then restart the Remote Access Connection Manager service. If the problem persists, contact the system administrator. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20031     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Connection Manager failed to start because it could not locate port information from media DLLs. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20032     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Connection Manager failed to start because it could not access protocol information from the Registry. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20033     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Connection Manager failed to start because it could not register with the local security authority. Try restarting the Remote Access Connection Manager service. If the problem persists, contact the system administrator. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20034     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Connection Manager failed to start because it could not create shared file mapping. Try restarting the Remote Access Connection Manager service. If the problem persists, contact the system administrator. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20035     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Connection Manager failed to start because it could not create buffers. Try restarting the Remote Access Connection Manager service. If the problem persists, contact the system administrator. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20036     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Connection Manager failed to start because it could not access resources. Try restarting the Remote Access Connection Manager service. If the problem persists, contact the system administrator. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20037     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Connection Manager service failed to start because it could not start worker threads. Try restarting the Remote Access Connection Manager service. If the problem persists, contact the system administrator.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20038     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Server Configuration Error. Cannot find the LANA numbers for the network adapters. Remote clients connecting with the NBF protocol will only be able to access resources on the local machine.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20039     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RASSER.DLL cannot open the SERIAL.INI file.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20040     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An attempt by RASSER.DLL to get an async media access control handle failed.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20041     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RASMXS.DLL cannot load RASSER.DLL.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20042     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Remote Access server cannot allocate a route for the user connected on port {param1} because of the following error: {param2} The user has been disconnected. Check the configuration of your Remote Access Service.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20043     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot allocate memory in the admin support thread for the Remote Access Service.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20044     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot create an instance thread in the admin support thread for the Remote Access Service.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20045     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot create a named pipe instance in the admin support thread for the Remote Access Service.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20046     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  General named pipe failure occurred in the admin support thread for the Remote Access Service.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20047     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An invalid request was sent to the admin support thread for the Remote Access Service, possibly from a down-level admin tool.  The request was not processed.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20051     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The user connected to port {param1} has been disconnected because an internal authentication error occurred.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20052     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The NetBIOS gateway has been configured to access the network but there are no network adapters available. Remote clients connecting with the NBF protocol will only be able to access resources on the local machine.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20053     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The user {param1} established a NetBIOS session between the remote workstation {param2} and the network server {param3}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20054     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Service failed to start because the Remote Access Connection Manager failed to initialize because of the following error: {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20055     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot add the remote computer name {param1} on LANA {param2} for the client being connected on port {param3}. The error code is the data.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20056     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot delete the remote computer name {param1} from LANA {param2} for the client being disconnected on port {param3}. The error code is the data.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20057     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot add the remote computer group name {param1} on LANA {param2}. The error code is the data.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20058     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot delete the remote computer group name {param1} from LANA {param2}. The error code is the data.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20059     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The modem on {param1} moved to an unsupported BPS rate.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20060     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The serial driver could not allocate adequate I/O queues. This may result in an unreliable connection.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20061     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Connection Manager could not reopen biplex port {param1}. This port will not be available for calling in or calling out. Restart all Remote Access Service components.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20062     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Internal Error: Disconnect operation on {param2} completed with an error. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20063     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Connection Manager failed to start because the Protocol engine [{param2}] failed to initialize. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20064     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access service failed to start because the all Protocol engine failed to initialize. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20065     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Remote Access Gateway Proxy could not create a process.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20066     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Remote Access Gateway Proxy could not create a named pipe.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20067     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Remote Access Gateway Proxy could not establish a named pipe connection with the Remote Access Supervisor Proxy.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20068     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  A general error occurred reading from the named pipe in the Remote Access Proxy.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20069     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot open or obtain information about the PPP key or one of its subkeys. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20070     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Point to Point Protocol engine was unable to load the {param1} module. {param2}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20071     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Point to Point Protocol module {param1} returned an error while initializing. {param2}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20072     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Point to Point Protocol failed to load the required PAP and/or CHAP authentication modules.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20079     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The software version of the user {param1}\{param2} connected on port {param3} is unsupported. The line has been disconnected.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20080     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The server machine is configured to require data encryption.  The machine for user {param1}\{param2} connected on port {param3} does not support encryption.  The line has been disconnected.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20081     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Server Security Failure.  Could not reset lana {param1} (the error code is the data).  Security check not performed.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20082     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Remote Access Server could not reset lana {param1} (the error code is the data) and will not be active on it.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20084     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Remote Access Server will stop using IP Address {param1} (either because it was unable to renew the lease from the DHCP Server, the administrator switched between static address pool and DHCP addresses, or the administrator changed to a different network for DHCP addresses). All connected users using IP will be unable to access network resources. Users can re-connect to the server to restore IP connectivity.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20085     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Remote Access Server was unable to renew the lease for IP Address {param1} from the DHCP Server. The user assigned with this IP address will be unable to access network resources using IP. Re-connecting to the server will restore IP connectivity.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20086     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Remote Access Server was unable to acquire an IP Address from the DHCP Server to assign to the incoming user.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20087     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Remote Access Server was unable to acquire an IP Address from the DHCP Server to be used on the Server Adapter. Incoming user will be unable to connect using IP.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20088     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Remote Access Server acquired IP Address {param1} to be used on the Server Adapter.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20090     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  A general error occurred writing to the named pipe in the Remote Access Proxy.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20091     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot open the RAS security host Registry key. The following error occurred: {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20092     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot load the Security host module component. The following error occurred: {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20093     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The user {param1} has connected and failed to authenticate with a third party security on port {param2}. The line has been disconnected.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20094     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The user connected to port {param1} has been disconnected because the following internal authentication error occurred in the third party security module: {param2}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20096     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The user was authenticated as {param1} by the third party security host module but was authenticated as {param2} by the RAS security. The user has been disconnected.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20098     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  A user was unable to connect on port {param1}. The NetBIOS protocol has been disabled for the Remote Access Server.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20099     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot access Registry value for {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20100     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot access the Registry key {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20101     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Using the default value for Registry parameter {param1} because the value given is not in the legal range for the parameter.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20102     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot enumerate keys of Registry key {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20103     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Unable to load {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20104     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Memory allocation failure.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20105     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Unable to load the interface {param1} from the registry. The following error occurred: {param2}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20106     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: Unable to add the interface {param2} with the Router Manager for the {param3} protocol. The following error occurred: {param4}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20107     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: Unable to remove the interface {param2} with the Router Manager for the {param3} protocol. The following error occurred: {param4}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20108     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Unable to open the port {param1} for use. {param2}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20110     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred in the Point to Point Protocol module on port {param1} while trying to initiate a connection. {param2}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20111     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: A Demand Dial connection to the remote interface {param2} on port {param3} was successfully initiated but failed to complete successfully because of the  following error: {param4}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20112     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot open the RAS third party administration host DLL Registry key. The following error occurred: {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20113     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot load the RAS third party administration DLL component. The following error occurred: {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20114     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Service will not accept calls. No protocols were configured for use.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20125     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: A Demand Dial persistent connection to the remote interface {param2} failed to be initiated successfully. The following error occurred: {param3}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20126     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  A packet from {param1} destined to {param2} over protocol 0x{param3} caused interface {param4} to be brought up. The first {param5} bytes of the packet are in the data.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20127     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: The Demand Dial interface {param2} was not loaded. The router was not started in in Demand Dial mode.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20132     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Remote Access Connection Manager failed to start because the RAS RPC module failed to initialize. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20138     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: A Demand Dial connection to the remote interface {param2} failed to be initiated successfully. The following error occurred: {param3}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20143     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Unable to load the interface {param1} from the registry. There are no routing enabled ports available for use by this demand dial interface. Use the Routing and RemoteAccess Administration tool to configure this interface to use a device that is routing enabled. Stop and restart the router for this demand dial interface to be loaded from the registry.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20144     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Demand-Dial interface {param1} was not registered with the Router. Demand-Dial interfaces are not supported on a Windows NT Workstation.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20145     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot initialize the Remote Access and Router service to accept calls using  the TCP/IP transport protocol. The following error occurred: {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20146     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The RADIUS server {param1} did not respond to the initial request.  Please make sure that the server name or IP address and secret are correct.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20147     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Remote Access service failed to start because the Point to Point was not initialized successfully. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20148     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The RADIUS server name {param1} could not be successfully resolved to an IP address. Please make sure that the name is spelled correctly and that the RADIUS server is running correctly.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20149     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  No global configuration was supplied to the IP Router Manager. Please rerun setup.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20150     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Unable to add demand dial filters for interface {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20151     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Control Protocol {param1} in the Point to Point Protocol module {param2} returned an error while initializing. {param3}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20152     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The currently configured authentication provider failed to load and initialize successfully. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20153     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The currently configured accounting provider failed to load and initialize successfully. {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20157     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The interface {param1} could not be enabled for multicast. {param2} will not be activated over this interface.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20165     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  A connection has been established on port {param1} using interface {param2}, but no IP address was obtained.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20166     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  A connection has been established on port {param1} using interface {param2}, but the  remote side got no IP address.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20167     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: No IP address is available to hand out to the dial-in client.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20168     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Could not retrieve the Remote Access Server's certificate due to the  following error: {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20169     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Unable to contact a DHCP server. The Automatic Private IP Address {param1} will be assigned to dial-in clients. Clients may be unable to access resources on the network.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20170     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The user {param1} has connected and failed to authenticate because of the following error: {param2}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20171     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Failed to apply IP Security on port {param1} because of error: {param2}.  No calls will be accepted to this port.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20172     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Multicast scope mismatch with {param1}: Locally-configured name "{param2}", Remotely-configured name "{param3}".
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20173     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Multicast scope address mismatch for scope "{param1}", Locally-configured range is {param4}-{param5}, Remotely-configured range is {param2}-{param3}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20174     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Possible leaky multicast Local Scope detected between this machine and {param1}, since a boundary appears to exist for {param2}, but not for the local scope.  If this warning continues to occur, a problem likely exists.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20175     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Multicast scope '{param1}' is non-convex, since border router {param2} appears to be outside.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20176     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  A leak was detected in multicast scope '{param1}'.  One of the following routers is misconfigured: {param2}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20177     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Interface {param1} is unreachable because of reason {param2}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20178     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Interface {param1} is now reachable.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20179     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: Interface {param2} is unreachable because there are no modems (or other connecting devices)  available for use by this interface.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20180     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: Interface {param2} is unreachable because the connection attempt failed.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20181     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: Interface {param2} is unreachable because it has been administratively disabled.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20182     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: Interface {param2} is unreachable because the Routing and RemoteACcess service is in a  paused state.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20183     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: Interface {param2} is unreachable because it is not allowed to connect at this time. Check the dial-out hours configured on this interface.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20184     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: Interface {param2} is unreachable because it is not currently connected to the network.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20185     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: Interface {param2} is unreachable because the network card for this interface has been  removed.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20186     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: Interface {param2} is now reachable.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20190     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Because no certificate has been configured for clients dialing in with EAP-TLS, a default certificate is being sent to user {param1}. Please go to the user's Remote Access Policy and configure the Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP).
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20191     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Because the certificate that was configured for clients dialing in with EAP-TLS was not found, a default certificate is being sent to user {param1}. Please go to the user's Remote Access Policy and configure the Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP).
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20192     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  A certificate could not be found. Connections that use the L2TP protocol over IPsec  require the installation of a machine certificate, also known as a computer  certificate. No L2TP calls will be accepted.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20193     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoID={param1}: An error occurred while configuring IP packet filters for user {param2} over port {param3}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20196     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An invalid response was received from the RADIUS server {param1}. {param2}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20197     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Ras Audio Acceleration failed to {param1}. {param2}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20198     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Choosing radius server {param1} for authentication.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20199     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  IPinIP tunnel interfaces are no longer supported
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20202     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while trying to revert impersonation.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20203     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot load the Security host module component. The following error occurred: {param1} is not a valid win32 application.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20204     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Cannot load the RAS third party administration DLL component. The following error occurred: {param1} is not a valid win32 application.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20205     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  IPX routing is no longer supported.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20206     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Disk full. Deleted older logfile {param1} to create free space.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20207     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Disk full. Could not delete older logfile {param1} to create free space.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20208     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Disk full. Could not find older logfile to delete and create free space.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20209     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  A connection between the VPN server and the VPN client {param1} has been established, but the VPN connection cannot be completed. The most common cause for this is that a firewall or router between the VPN server and the VPN client is not configured to allow Generic Routing Encapsulation (GRE) packets (protocol 47).
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20210     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Network Access Protection (NAP) enforcement client failed to register with the Network Access Protection Agent (NAPAgent) service. Some network services or resources might not be available. If the problem persists, disconnect and retry the remote access connection or contact the administrator for the remote access server.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20211     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Network Access Protection (NAP) enforcement client could not start PPP renegotiation on the following remote access connection: %d. Some network services or resources might not be available. If the problem persists, disconnect and retry the remote access connection or contact the administrator for the remote access server.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20212     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The request sent to the Network Access Protection Agent (NAPAgent) failed. Some network services or resources might not be available. If the problem persists, disconnect and retry the remote access connection or contact the administrator for the remote access server.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20213     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Network Access Protection (NAP) enforcement client received an invalid request for the following remote access connection: %d. The connection does not exist. Retry the remote access connection. If the problem persists, make sure that you can connect to the Internet, and then contact the administrator for the remote access server.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20214     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Network Access Protection (NAP) enforcement client received an invalid request for the remote access connection. Some network services or resources might not be available. If the problem persists, disconnect and retry the remote access connection or contact the administrator for the remote access server.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20215     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The IAS/RADIUS server has passed an invalid value to the server running Routing and Remote Access for the following RADIUS attribute: Attribute Type {param1}, Vendor ID {param2}, Vendor specific type {param3}. Use the netsh ras set trace command to enable packet tracing. Ensure that the RADIUS packets conform to the standards specified in RFC 2548.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20216     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Routing and Remote Access service could not start. The most common reason could be because {param1} protocol is not installed on the remote access server.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20217     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while trying to disable {param1} packet filtering for Routing and Remote Access service.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20218     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while trying to enable {param1} packet filtering for Routing and Remote Access service.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20219     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  {param1} packet filtering has been disabled. Static filters configured for Routing and Remote Access service will not be applied.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20220     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The connection to {param1} made using device {param2} was terminated. {param3}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20221     |  0        |           |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20222     |  0        |           |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20223     |  0        |           |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20224     |  0        |           |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20225     |  0        |           |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20226     |  0        |           |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20227     |  0        |           |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20228     |  0        |           |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20229     |  0        |           |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20230     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The connection from user {param1} on port {param2} has been disconnected because the Session Timeout received from the RADIUS server has expired. This connection received only an IPv6 address from the RRAS server and it is invalid to configure the MS-Quarantine-Session-Timeout attribute on the NPS server for IPv6-only connections.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20247     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: Cannot receive initial frame on port {param2} because of the following error: {param3} The user has been disconnected.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20248     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: The user connected to port {param2} has been disconnected due to inactivity.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20249     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: The user {param2} has connected and failed to authenticate on port {param3}. The line has been disconnected.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20250     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: CoID={param2}: The user {param3} has connected and has been successfully authenticated on port {param4}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20251     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: CoId={param2}: The user {param3} connected on port {param4} on {param5} at {param6} and disconnected on {param7} at {param8}.  The user was active for {param9} minutes {param1}0 seconds.  {param1}1 bytes were sent and {param1}2 bytes were received. The port speed was {param1}3.  The reason for disconnecting was {param1}4. The tunnel used was {param1}5. The quarantine state was {param1}6.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20252     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: The user connected to port {param2} has been disconnected because the authentication process did not complete within the required amount of time.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20253     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: CoId={param2}: The user {param3} connected to port {param4} has been disconnected because no network protocols were successfully negotiated.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20254     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: The user {param2} on port {param3} was called back at the number {param4}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20255     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: The following error occurred in the Point to Point Protocol module on port: {param2}, UserName: {param3}. {param4}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20256     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: The password for user {param2}\{param3} connected on port {param4} has expired.  The line has been disconnected.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20257     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: The account for user {param2}\{param3} connected on port {param4} has expired.  The line has been disconnected.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20258     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: The account for user {param2}\{param3} connected on port {param4} does not have Remote Access privilege.  The line has been disconnected.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20259     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: The Remote Access Server's attempt to callback user {param2} on port {param3} at {param4} failed because of the following error: {param5}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20260     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: Cannot receive initial data on port {param2} because of the following error: {param3} The user has been disconnected.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20261     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: A user was unable to connect on port {param2}. No more connections can be made to this remote computer because the computer has exceeded its client license limit.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20262     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: Cannot recognize initial frame received on port {param2}. The line has been disconnected.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20263     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoID={param1}: The port {param2} has been disconnected due to inactivity.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20264     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoID={param1}: The port {param2} has been disconnected because the user reached the maximum connect time allowed by the administrator.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20265     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: CoID={param2}: The user {param3} has connected and has been successfully authenticated on port {param4}. Data sent and received over this link is encrypted.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20266     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: CoID={param2}: The user {param3} has connected and has been successfully authenticated on port {param4}. Data sent and received over this link is strongly encrypted.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20267     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoID={param1}: The user {param2} successfully established a connection to {param3} using the device {param4}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20268     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoID={param1}: The connection to {param2} made by user {param3} using device {param4} was disconnected.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20269     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: The user {param2} failed an authentication attempt due to the following reason: {param3}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20270     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoID={param1}: The user {param2}, attempting to connect on {param3}, was disconnected because of the following  reason: {param4}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20271     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: The user {param2} connected from {param3} but failed an authentication attempt due to the following reason: {param4}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20272     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: CoID={param2}: The user {param3} connected on port {param4} on {param5} at {param6} and disconnected on {param7} at {param8}.  The user was active for {param9} minutes {param1}0 seconds.  {param1}1 bytes were sent and {param1}2 bytes were received. The reason for disconnecting was {param1}3. The tunnel used was {param1}4. The quarantine state was {param1}5.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20274     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: CoID={param2}: The user {param3} connected on port {param4} has been assigned address {param5}
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20275     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: CoID={param2}: The user with ip address {param3} has disconnected
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20276     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: Layer={param2}: SubLayer={param3}: The connection attempt failed on port: {param4} because of the authentication protocol selected. Check to see if the authentication protocol is supported in the operating systems at the client and server ends of the connection
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20277     |  0        |           |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20278     |  0        |           |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20279     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoId={param1}: Disabling PPP AUTH for {param2}\\{param3} on port {param4}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20280     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: CoID={param2}: The correlation ID on the server is {param3}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20281     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  CoID={param1}: Connection supports MOBIKE.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20282     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: Failed to enable IPv4 forwarding on interface {param2} with error: {param3}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20283     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: Failed to disable IPv4 forwarding on interface {param2} with error: {param3}.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20284     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: Failed to plumb IKEv2 policies for one or more demand dial interfaces.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20285     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Did not find the  certificate configured to be used for IKEv2 local authentication.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20286     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Failed to plumb the custom IKEv2 policy.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20287     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: Did not find the  PreSharedKey configured to be used for local or remote authentication for the IKEv2 connection.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20288     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: IPv4 routes are not added for the demand dial connection as IPv4 transport is not available on the corresponding interface.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20289     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  RoutingDomainID- {param1}: IPv6 routes are not added for the demand dial connection as IPv6 transport is not available on the corresponding interface.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20290     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  Disabling S2S interface {param1} (RoutingDomain: {param2}) because either there is no destination IP configured or DNS resolution failed for the configured destination IP address. To enable this interface, configure destination IP address. If you are using FQDN, make sure it is getting resolved. Then try to enable the interface.
Microsoft-Windows-MPRMSG  |         |  20291     |  0        |           |        |          |           |  {param1} requires attention.