Provider                          |  Event ID  |  Channel      |  Message
----------------------------------|------------|---------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-EventCollector  |  1         |  Operational  |  The Subscription {SubscriptionId} could not be activated on target machine {MachineName} due to communication error.  Error Code is {ErrorCode}.  All retries have been performed before reaching this point and so the subscription will remain inactive on this target until subscription is resubmitted / reset. Additional fault message:{FaultMessage}
Microsoft-Windows-EventCollector  |  2         |  Operational  |  The Subscription {SubscriptionId} could not be activated on machine {MachineName} due to an error. Error Code is {ErrorCode}. Subscription will remain inactive on this target until subscription is resubmitted / reset.
Microsoft-Windows-EventCollector  |  3         |  Operational  |  The Subscription {SubscriptionId} has expired and will no longer be serviced.
Microsoft-Windows-EventCollector  |  4         |  Operational  |  The Subscription {SubscriptionId} could not be activated on target machine {MachineName} due to communication error.  Error Code is {ErrorCode}.  The subscription will be in retrying state until the subscription becomes active or all retries have been performed. Additional fault message:{FaultMessage}
Microsoft-Windows-EventCollector  |  5         |  Operational  |  The Subscription {SubscriptionId} was activated successfully on target machine {MachineName}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventCollector  |  6         |  Operational  |  The Subscription {SubscriptionId} could not publisher events from target machine {MachineName} to the log file of this subscription.  Error Code is {ErrorCode}.  All retries have been performed before reaching this point and so the subscription will remain inactive on this target until subscription is resubmitted / reset.
Microsoft-Windows-EventCollector  |  501       |  Operational  |  The Subscription {SubscriptionId} has a lost event. An event from target machine {MachineName} is lost and could not be delivered. Error Code is {ErrorCode}. Event data is:{EventData}
Microsoft-Windows-EventCollector  |  502       |  Operational  |  The Subscription {SubscriptionId} detects dropped events. Some events are dropped during transmission from target machine {MachineName}. The number of dropped events are {EventCount}.