Provider                       |  Event ID  |  Channel                                   |  Message
-------------------------------|------------|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-msmpeg2venc  |  0         |  Events from the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT  |  Input sample ({pSample}) to stream #{InputStreamID} submitted to MPEG-2 Video Encoder through the MFT. Flags: {dwFlags}
Microsoft-Windows-msmpeg2venc  |  1         |  Events from the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT  |  Finished submission of sample to encoder. HR={hr}
Microsoft-Windows-msmpeg2venc  |  2         |  Events from the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT  |  Process event method called on MFT for Input Stream #{InputStreamID} with event {pEvent}
Microsoft-Windows-msmpeg2venc  |  3         |  Events from the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT  |  Processing of Event by the MFT has finished. HR={hr}
Microsoft-Windows-msmpeg2venc  |  4         |  Events from the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT  |  Message {MessageType} recieved by MFT through ProcessMessage with parameter {Param}
Microsoft-Windows-msmpeg2venc  |  5         |  Events from the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT  |  Finished processing message given to MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT. HR={hr}
Microsoft-Windows-msmpeg2venc  |  6         |  Events from the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT  |  Bitrate has been changed from {OldBitrate} bps to {NewBitrate} bps during the encoding process.
Microsoft-Windows-msmpeg2venc  |  7         |  Events from the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT  |  Start of producing an output sample on the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT. Output Buffer Count: {OutputBufferCount}   Start of Output Buffer Array: {pOutputSamples}   Pointer to Output Buffer Status Flag: {pdwStatus}   Output Buffer Flags passed in: {Flags}
Microsoft-Windows-msmpeg2venc  |  8         |  Events from the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT  |  Finished creating sample for output on the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT. HR={hr}
Microsoft-Windows-msmpeg2venc  |  9         |  Events from the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT  |  Mpeg-2 Video Encoder MFT is Signaling that an output sample (Location: {pSample}, Length: {cSampleLength}) is ready
Microsoft-Windows-msmpeg2venc  |  10        |  Events from the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT  |
Microsoft-Windows-msmpeg2venc  |  11        |  Events from the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT  |  The MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT has received the input from the application and is passing it into the encoder. Sample: {pSample}  Sample Byte Length: {cSampleLength}  Stop Encoding: {bEndOfEncoding}
Microsoft-Windows-msmpeg2venc  |  12        |  Events from the MPEG-2 Video Encoder MFT  |  Encoder is being created with these settings:  Coding Mode: {CodingMode}  Bitrate: {Bitrate} bps  Complexity: {Complexity}  Encoder Instance: {pEncoder}