Provider                   |  Level  |  Event ID    |  Version  |  Channel      |  Task  |  Opcode  |  Keyword  |  Message
---------------------------|---------|--------------|-----------|---------------|--------|----------|-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-Perflib  |         |  3221226472  |  0        |               |        |          |           |  Access to performance data was denied to user "{param1}" (value from GetUserName() for the running thread) as attempted from module "{param2}" (value from GetModuleFileName() for the binary that issued the query).
Microsoft-Windows-Perflib  |  Error  |  1000        |  1        |  Application  |        |          |           |  Access to performance data was denied to user "{User}" (value from GetUserName() for the running thread) as attempted from module "{Module}" (value from GetModuleFileName() for the binary that issued the query).
Microsoft-Windows-Perflib  |         |  3221226473  |  0        |               |        |          |           |  The Collect procedure in Extensible Counter DLL "{param1}" for the "{param2}" service returned buffer size {__binLength}, which is larger than the space available. The performance data returned by the counter DLL will not be returned in the Perf Data Block.
Microsoft-Windows-Perflib  |  Error  |  1001        |  1        |  Application  |        |          |           |  The Collect procedure in Extensible Counter DLL "{Library}" for the "{Service}" service returned buffer size {Size}, which is larger than the space available. The performance data returned by the counter DLL will not be returned in the Perf Data Block.
Microsoft-Windows-Perflib  |         |  3221226474  |  0        |               |        |          |           |  A Guard Page was modified by a Collect procedure in Extensible Counter DLL "{param1}" for the "{param2}" service. The performance data returned by the counter DLL will not be returned in the Perf Data Block.
Microsoft-Windows-Perflib  |  Error  |  1002        |  1        |  Application  |        |          |           |  A Guard Page was modified by a Collect procedure in Extensible Counter DLL "{Library}" for the "{Service}" service. The performance data returned by the counter DLL will not be returned in the Perf Data Block.
Microsoft-Windows-Perflib  |         |  3221226475  |  0        |               |        |          |           |  The Extensible Counter DLL "{param1}" for the "{param2}" service returned an incorrect object length. The sum of the {__binLength} object lengths returned did not match the size of the buffer returned.
Microsoft-Windows-Perflib  |  Error  |  1003        |  1        |  Application  |        |          |           |  The Extensible Counter DLL "{Library}" for the "{Service}" service returned an incorrect object length. The sum of the {ObjectCount} object lengths returned did not match the size of the buffer returned.
Microsoft-Windows-Perflib  |         |  3221226476  |  0        |               |        |          |           |  The Extensible Counter DLL "{param1}" for the "{param2}" service returned an incorrect instance length for the object with title index {__binLength}. The sum of the instance lengths plus the object definition structures did not match the size of the object. The performance data returned by the counter DLL will not be returned in the Perf Data Block.
Microsoft-Windows-Perflib  |  Error  |  1004        |  1        |  Application  |        |          |           |  The Extensible Counter DLL "{Library}" for the "{Service}" service returned an incorrect instance length for the object with title index {ObjectIndex}. The sum of the instance lengths plus the object definition structures did not match the size of the object. The performance data returned by the counter DLL will not be returned in the Perf Data Block.