Provider                              |  Event ID  |  Channel                                           |  Message
--------------------------------------|------------|----------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions  |  1001      |  Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions/Operational  |  The networking component failed to load in a process due to an error in the module below. Requests from this process won't get tenant restriction headers applied. Please restart this executable or reboot to reload the networking component. Networking stack: {NetworkingStack}Executable name: {ImageName}Module: {ModuleName}Error: {ErrorCode}
Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions  |  1002      |  Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions/Operational  |  An attempt to start the tenant restrictions sync service (cloudidsvc) failed. If cloudidsvc is not running it is possible that tenant restrictions will apply to a stale list of endpoints. Please restart the the tenant restrictions sync service (cloudidsvc) to ensure that tenant restrictions is enforced on an up-to-date list of endpoints. Executable name: {ImageName}Module: {ModuleName}Error: {ErrorCode}
Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions  |  1003      |  Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions/Operational  |  A request was processed that already contained the sec-restrict-tenant-access-policy header. This may indicate an attempt to bypass tenant restrictions or a misconfigured app.This pre-existing value was overwritten:{ExistingHeader}This value is configured by policy:{ConfiguredHeader}Executable name: {ImageName}
Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions  |  1004      |  Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions/Operational  |
Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions  |  1005      |  Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions/Operational  |
Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions  |  1006      |  Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions/Operational  |  The networking component failed to process a network request. The request was cancelled due to the failure. Further access to the network may be blocked for this application.Networking stack: {NetworkingStack}Executable name: {ImageName}Module: {ModuleName}Error: {ErrorCode}
Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions  |  1007      |  Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions/Operational  |  The endpoint sync service (cloudidsvc) has failed to sync its endpoints for a full 24 hours with the last successful sync at {LastSuccessfulSync}. This may be expected if the machine has not been connected to the network. It is possible that without a sync tenant restriction headers will not be applied to the correct endpoints. Ensure that cloudidsvc has network connectivity as described at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2148762. Another attempt will be made in {TimeInHours} hours.The error code of the latest attempt is: {ErrorCode}
Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions  |  1008      |  Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions/Operational  |  The networking component failed to process a policy change. Please restart the affected executable(s) to ensure that the policy change is enforced.Executable name: {ImageName}Module: {ModuleName}Error: {ErrorCode}
Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions  |  1009      |  Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions/Operational  |  The networking component failed subscribe to policy changes. Please restart the affected executable(s) to ensure that the policy updates are correctly received.Executable name: {ImageName}Module: {ModuleName}Error: {ErrorCode}
Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions  |  1010      |  Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions/Operational  |  The networking component failed to read the policy in a process due to an error in the module below. Requests from this process won't get tenant restriction headers applied until the policy is re-applied correctly.Executable name: {ImageName}Module: {ModuleName}Error: {ErrorCode}
Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions  |  1011      |  Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions/Operational  |  The entered tenantid or policy id is an invalid guid. Please correct the incorrect guid(s) below to enable Tenant Restrictions.{InvalidGuid}
Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions  |  1012      |  Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions/Operational  |
Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions  |  1013      |  Microsoft-Windows-TenantRestrictions/Operational  |  The endpoint sync service (cloudidsvc) has failed to reach the O365 server, preventing an endpoint sync. Please check your proxy/network settings and ensure that cloudidsvc has network connectivity as described at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2148762. The request path is: {RequestPath} The HTTP status code is: {HttpErrorCode} The request headers are:{ResponseHeaders} The networking error code is: {NetworkingErrorCode}