Provider                             |  Event ID  |  Channel                                    |  Message
-------------------------------------|------------|---------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  3584      |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Analytic  |  [VMID {VmId}] {TraceData}
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  3585      |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Analytic  |  [VMID {VmId}] {TraceData}
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  3586      |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Analytic  |  [VMID {VmId}] {TraceData}
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  3587      |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Analytic  |  [VMID {VmId}] {TraceData}
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12134     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Remote SMB share does not support resiliency. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12135     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Remote SMB share does not support resiliency.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12136     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': The storage controller resource allocation setting data object '{String}' cannot be deleted because one or more storage drive objects are still attached to it. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12137     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  The storage controller resource allocation setting data object '{String}' cannot be deleted because one or more storage drive objects are still attached to it.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12138     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': The storage drive resource allocation setting data object '{String}' cannot be deleted because a logical disk object is still attached to it. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12139     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  The storage drive resource allocation setting data object '{String}' cannot be deleted because a logical disk object is still attached to it.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12140     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Attachment '{String}' failed to open because of error: '{ErrorCodeString}' ({ErrorCode}). (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12141     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Attachment '{String}' failed to open because of error: '{ErrorCodeString}'.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12142     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Virtual disk '{String}' failed to open because a problem occurred when attempting to open a virtual disk in the differencing chain, '{Param1}' (referenced by '{Param2}'): '{ErrorCodeString}' ({ErrorCode}). (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12143     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Virtual disk '{String}' failed to open because a problem occurred when attempting to open a virtual disk in the differencing chain, '{Param1}': '{ErrorCodeString}'.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12144     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Virtual disk '{String}' failed to open because the file is corrupt or is too small. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12145     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Virtual disk '{String}' failed to open because the file is corrupt or is too small.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12148     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': {ErrorCodeString} ({String}) started successfully. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12149     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': {ErrorCodeString} ({String}) started successfully. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12150     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Failed to open '{String}': Compressed virtual hard disks are not supported.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12151     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Failed to open '{String}': Compressed virtual hard disks are not supported.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12152     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Failed to configure '{String}': The storage where the virtual hard disk is located does not support virtual hard disk sharing.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12153     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Failed to configure '{String}': The storage where the virtual hard disk is located does not support virtual hard disk sharing.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12154     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Failed to configure '{String}': Virtual hard disk sharing and storage Quality of Service cannot be enabled at the same time.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12155     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Failed to configure '{String}': Virtual hard disk sharing and storage Quality of Service cannot be enabled at the same time.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12156     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Failed to configure '{String}': Virtual hard disk sharing settings cannot be modified because the virtual machine is running. To enable or disable virtual hard disk sharing, shut down the virtual machine and then try again.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12157     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Failed to configure '{String}': Virtual hard disk sharing settings cannot be modified because the virtual machine is running. To enable or disable virtual hard disk sharing, shut down the virtual machine and then try again.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12158     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Failed to configure '{String}': To disable virtual hard disk sharing, you must first shut down all virtual machines that have been configured to use this shared virtual hard disk.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12159     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Failed to configure '{String}': To disable virtual hard disk sharing, you must first shut down all virtual machines that have been configured to use this shared virtual hard disk.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12220     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}' {Param1}: The attempt to attach '{String}' to location {Param2} of IDE Controller failed. Error: '{ErrorCodeString}' ({ErrorCode}). (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12221     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  {Param1}: The attempt to attach '{String}' to location {Param2} of IDE Controller failed. Error: '{ErrorCodeString}'.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12240     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Attachment '{String}' could not be found due to error: '{ErrorCodeString}' ({ErrorCode}). (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12241     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Attachment '{String}' could not be found due to error: '{ErrorCodeString}'.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12242     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': The device '{String}' failed to mount because the device is already mounted read-only, and an attempt was made to mount it read/write. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12243     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  The device '{String}' failed to mount because the device is already mounted read-only, and an attempt was made to mount it read/write.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12244     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': The device '{String}' failed to mount because the device is in use by another process. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12245     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  The device '{String}' failed to mount because the device is in use by another process.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12246     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': The physical device '{String}' could not be found. It may have been removed from the system.  Error: '{ErrorCodeString}' ({ErrorCode}). (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12247     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  The physical device could not be found. It may have been removed from the system.  Error: '{ErrorCodeString}'.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12248     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': The file name '{String}' is reserved for use by Windows.  Error: '{ErrorCodeString}' ({ErrorCode}). (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12249     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  The file name '{String}' is reserved for use by Windows.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12260     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Attachment '{String}' is read-only. Please provide read/write access to add the attachment. Error: '{ErrorCodeString}' ({ErrorCode}). (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12261     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Attachment '{String}' is read-only. Please provide read/write access to add the attachment. Error: '{ErrorCodeString}'.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12280     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': The Machine Account '{Param1}' does not have {Param2} access to file share '{String}'. Please add this machine account to the file share security group. Error: '{ErrorCodeString}' ({ErrorCode}). (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12281     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  The Machine Account '{Param1}' does not have {Param2} access to file share '{String}'. Please add this computer account to the security group of the file share. Error: '{ErrorCodeString}'.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12290     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': {Param1} Account does not have permission to open attachment '{String}'. Error: '{ErrorCodeString}' ({ErrorCode}). (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12291     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  {Param1} Account does not have permission to open attachment '{String}'. Error: '{ErrorCodeString}'.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12292     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}' encountered an error while calculating the size of the disk chain for '{String}'. The error was: '{ErrorCodeString}' ({ErrorCode}). Maximum disk metric will not be updated for the current disk. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12293     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  There was an error while calculating the size of the disk chain for disk metrics.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12350     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': An error occurred while attempting to start the virtual machine. Cannot open '{String}'. The state of the virtual machine cannot be changed because one or more storage media are not accessible. Hyper-V does not support the use of storage media if Encrypting File System has been used to encrypt files. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12351     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  An error occurred while attempting to start the virtual machine. Cannot open '{String}'.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12352     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': An error occurred while attaching '{String}' to the virtual machine because the file is encrypted. Hyper-V does not support the use of storage media if Encrypting File System has been used to encrypt files. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12353     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  An error occurred while attaching '{String}' to the virtual machine because he file is encrypted.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12602     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Virtual machine '{VmName}' is configured to allow unfiltered SCSI commands for physical disks attached to SCSI controllers. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})  Bypassing SCSI command filtering poses a security risk because commands pass directly from the virtual machine to the storage stack on the operating system of the host. This setting is not recommended and should be enabled only if it is required for compatibility with storage applications running in the guest operating system. This setting elevates the rights of the guest operating system by granting it a privilege that is normally restricted to administrators in the host. If the host or other guest operating systems are compromised, or exhibit unusual behavior after enabling this setting, you should disable it. Contact your storage vendor to determine if this setting is required.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12603     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  The virtual machine is configured to allow unfiltered SCSI commands for physical disks attached to SCSI controllers.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12620     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': The attempt to get information for attachment '{String}' failed. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12621     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  The attempt to get information for attachment '{String}' failed.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12622     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Enabling change tracking failed for the drive '{String}'. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12623     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}':Failed to configure '{String}': Virtual hard disk sharing must be enabled on VHD Set files.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12624     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Failed to configure '{String}': Virtual hard disk sharing must be enabled on VHD Set files.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12625     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Failed to enable virtual hard disk resiliency for the drive '{String}' with error '{ErrorCode}' ('{ErrorCodeString}')
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12626     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Failed to enable virtual hard disk resiliency for the drive '{String}'.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12628     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Failed to get the recovery status for the drive '{String}'. Virtual hard disk resiliency will be suspended for this drive until next reboot. Error: '{ErrorCode}' ('{ErrorCodeString}')
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12629     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Failed to get the recovery status for the drive '{String}'. Virtual hard disk resiliency will be suspended for this drive until next reboot.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12630     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Virtual hard disk resiliency failed to recover the drive '{Path}'. The virtual machine will be powered off. Current status: {Status}. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12631     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': The shared virtual hard disk drive '{String}' was unmounted and will be attempted to be recovered. Error: '{ErrorCode}' ('{ErrorCodeString}')
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12632     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': The shared virtual hard disk drive '{String}' that was unmounted previously has now been successfully recovered.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12633     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': An attempt to recover the shared virtual hard disk drive '{String}' has failed. Error: '{ErrorCode}' ('{ErrorCodeString}')
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12634     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Virtual hard disk resiliency successfully recovered drive '{Path}'. Current status: {Status}. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12635     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Virtual hard disk '{Path}' received a resiliency status notification. Current status: {Status}. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12636     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Virtual hard disk '{Path}' has detected a recoverable error. Current status: {Status}. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12637     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Virtual hard disk '{Path}' has not yet recovered from a previous error. Current status: {Status}. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12638     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': '{String}' is an invalid pool id for this resource. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12639     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{String}' is an invalid pool id for this resource.
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12640     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  '{VmName}': Unsupported attachment Path '{String}' in the drive. (Virtual machine ID {VmId})
Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-SynthStor  |  12641     |  Microsoft-Windows-Hyper-V-Worker-Admin     |  Unsupported attachment Path '{String}' in the drive.