Provider                                        |  Event ID  |  Channel                                                     |  Message
------------------------------------------------|------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  1         |  Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server/Operational  |  The file {FileName} may be corrupted, which may have caused the application {AppName} to stop working. Windows did not attempt to repair {FileName} because it is not a protected system file.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  2         |  Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server/Operational  |  The system file {FileName} is corrupted, which may have caused the application {AppName} to stop working. Windows will not attempt to repair {FileName} because too many corrupted files have been detected recently.  Frequent corruptions may indicate a problem with the disk on this computer.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  3         |  Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server/Operational  |  The system file {FileName} may be corrupted, which may have caused the application {AppName} to stop working. Windows did not attempt to repair this file because the same file has been repaired too many times over a recent period of time.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  4         |  Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server/Operational  |  The system file {FileName} is corrupted, which may have caused the application {AppName} to stop working. Windows did not attempt to repair this file because a repair attempt is already underway for the same file.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  5         |  Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server/Operational  |  The system file {FileName} was reported as being corrupted but Windows determined that the file is not actually damaged. It may have been repaired already.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  6         |  System                                                      |  The system file {FileName} was corrupted, which may have caused the application {AppName} to stop working. Windows was unable to repair this file (error code {ErrorCode}).  Run the command "sfc /scannow" at an administrative command prompt to check for errors and to repair the file if necessary.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  7         |  Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server/Operational  |  The system file {FileName} was corrupted, which may have caused the application {AppName} to stop working. Windows successfully repaired the damaged file.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  8         |  System                                                      |  The system file {FileName} was corrupted, which may have caused the application {AppName} to stop working. Windows attempted to repair the file. A reboot is required to finish this repair.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  9         |  Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server/Operational  |  The system file {FileName} may be corrupted, which may have caused the application {AppName} to stop working. Windows attempted to repair the file, but the operation was cancelled before it could be completed.  Run the command "sfc /scannow" at an administrative command prompt to check for errors and to repair the file if necessary.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  10        |  System                                                      |  The system file {FileName} may be corrupted, but Windows could not determine if the file was actually damaged (error code {ErrorCode}). No repair action was taken. Run the command "sfc /scannow" at an administrative command prompt to check for errors and to repair the file if necessary.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  11        |  System                                                      |  The system file {FileName} is corrupted, which may have caused the application {AppName} to stop working. Windows could not attempt to repair {FileName} because a previous repair operation was pended.  Reboot the computer and run the command "sfc /scannow" at an administrative command prompt to check for errors and to repair the file if necessary.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  12        |  System                                                      |  Windows detected that program file {FilePath} is corrupted, causing application {AppName} to stop working. To restore the file, reinstall {ProductName} version {ProductVersion}.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  13        |  Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server/Operational  |  The program file {FileName} was reported as being possibly corrupted, causing application {AppName} to stop working. Windows performed additional diagnostics and determined that the file is not actually damaged.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  14        |  System                                                      |  The file {FileName} may be corrupted, which may have caused the application {AppName} to stop working. Windows did not attempt to repair {FileName} because it could not find its corresponding installer package.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  15        |  Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server/Operational  |  Windows detected that program file {FilePath} is corrupted, causing application {AppName} to stop working. Reinstalling {ProductName} version {ProductVersion} may repair the file. However, Windows is not launching a {ProductName} reinstallation because too many product reinstalls have run recently.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  16        |  Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server/Operational  |  Windows detected that program file {FilePath} is corrupted, causing application {AppName} to stop working. Reinstalling {ProductName} version {ProductVersion} may repair the file. However, Windows is not launching a {ProductName} reinstallation because that product has already been reinstalled too many times recently.
Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server  |  17        |  Microsoft-Windows-CorruptedFileRecovery-Server/Operational  |  The program file {FileName} was reported as being possibly corrupted, causing application {AppName} to stop working. Windows performed additional diagnostics and determined that the file is not an executable image. To avoid potential user data loss, Windows will not attempt to repair the file.