Provider                                   |  Level        |  Event ID  |  Version  |  Channel                                                |  Task  |  Opcode  |  Keyword  |  Message
-------------------------------------------|---------------|------------|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------|--------|----------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Critical     |  201       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} failed to start. {Reason}
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Information  |  202       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} started successfully.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Error        |  203       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} encountered an error that may have caused data loss.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Critical     |  205       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  The driver could not confirm that the NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} is healthy. To protect your data, the NVDIMM is now in read-only mode. Consider backing up your data to another disk.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Error        |  206       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM-N {DeviceGuid} encountered an error while transferring your data to or from persistent media (see the Details tab for more information). Some of your data may have been lost. As a precaution, this NVDIMM-N is now in read-only mode. If you want to keep using this NVDIMM-N, use the Reset-PhysicalDisk command to make it writeable again.                                        This NVDIMM-N may need to be replaced. It can be located using the following information:                                        Slot number: {SlotNumber}                    Manufacturer: {VendorId}                    Model Number: {ProductId}                    Serial Number: {SerialNumber}                    Location: {Location}
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Critical     |  300       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM-N {DeviceGuid} encountered a serious problem and is now in read-only mode. Data that was saved to this NVDIMM-N may be lost when the computer shuts down or restarts. Consider backing up your data to another disk.                                        Use the Get-PhysicalDisk command to get more information about the associated logical device’s health status.                                        This NVDIMM-N may need to be replaced. It can be located using the following information:                                        Slot number: {SlotNumber}                    Manufacturer: {VendorId}                    Model Number: {ProductId}                    Serial Number: {SerialNumber}                    Location: {Location}
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Information  |  301       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  The problem with NVDIMM-N {DeviceGuid} was resolved and it is now back in read-write mode.                                        This NVDIMM-N may be located using the following information:                                        Slot number: {SlotNumber}                    Manufacturer: {VendorId}                    Model Number: {ProductId}                    Serial Number: {SerialNumber}                    Location: {Location}
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Warning      |  302       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM-N {DeviceGuid} is in a degraded health state and may soon encounter serious problems. Consider backing up your data to another disk. Use the Get-PhysicalDisk command to see more information.                                        This NVDIMM-N may need to be replaced. It can be located using the following information:                                        Slot number: {SlotNumber}                    Manufacturer: {VendorId}                    Model Number: {ProductId}                    Serial Number: {SerialNumber}                    Location: {Location}
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Error        |  303       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM-N {DeviceGuid} has encountered {MemoryEventCount} uncorrectable memory error(s). Uncorrectable memory errors can cause system instability and data loss. Consider replacing this NVDIMM-N.                                        This NVDIMM-N can be located using the following information:                                        Slot number: {SlotNumber}                    Manufacturer: {VendorId}                    Model Number: {ProductId}                    Serial Number: {SerialNumber}                    Location: {Location}
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Warning      |  304       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  The warning threshold for correctable memory errors on NVDIMM-N {DeviceGuid} has been exceeded. A large number of correctable memory errors increases the likelihood of an uncorrectable memory error in the future and reduces system performance. Contact your hardware vendor to determine if this NVDIMM-N needs to be replaced.                                        This NVDIMM-N can be located using the following information:                                        Slot number: {SlotNumber}                    Manufacturer: {VendorId}                    Model Number: {ProductId}                    Serial Number: {SerialNumber}                    Location: {Location}
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Information  |  305       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} notified the driver that its health state changed. See the Details tab for more information.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Critical     |  400       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} encountered a serious problem. All data that was saved to this NVDIMM may be lost when the computer shuts down or restarts. Consider backing up your data to another disk.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Information  |  401       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  The problem with NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} was resolved. Data that was saved to this NVDIMM will not be lost when the computer shuts down or restarts.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Critical     |  402       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} encountered a serious problem. Data that was recently saved to this NVDIMM may be lost when the computer shuts down or restarts. Consider backing up your data to another disk.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Information  |  403       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  The problem with NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} was resolved. Data that was saved to this NVDIMM will not be lost when the computer shuts down or restarts.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Critical     |  404       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} encountered a critical problem. Windows may not be able to read or write to this NVDIMM.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Information  |  405       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  The critical problem with NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} was resolved.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Warning      |  406       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} is in a degraded health state and may soon encounter serious problems. Consider backing up your data to another disk. Use the Get-PhysicalDisk command to see more information.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Information  |  407       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} notified the driver that its health state changed. See the Details tab for more information.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Information  |  501       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} notified the driver that its health state changed. See the Details tab for more information.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Critical     |  502       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} is in a critically unhealthy state and your data may be lost. Consider backing up your data to another disk.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Error        |  503       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} is in a degraded state and may need to be replaced soon. Consider backing up your data to another disk.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Error        |  504       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid}'s temperature is too high. To protect itself, the NVDIMM might be running slower than usual. If the temperature does not decrease, the system might shut down and some of your data may be lost.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Warning      |  505       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} is in a degraded state and may need to be replaced soon. Consider backing up your data to another disk.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |  Information  |  506       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Operational  |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} is now healthy again.
Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm  |               |  900       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-PersistentMemory-Nvdimm/Diagnostic   |        |          |           |  NVDIMM {DeviceGuid} logged:                           {Message}