Provider                               |  Level        |  Event ID  |  Version  |  Channel                                        |  Task  |  Opcode  |  Keyword                                      |  Message
---------------------------------------|---------------|------------|-----------|-------------------------------------------------|--------|----------|-----------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication  |  Information  |  100       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication/Tracing  |        |          |  Event originating from the fdrespub service  |  Successfully published element {Argument}.
Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication  |  Information  |  101       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication/Tracing  |        |          |  Event originating from the fdrespub service  |  Successfully removed element {Argument} from publication.
Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication  |  Information  |  102       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication/Tracing  |        |          |  Event originating from the fdrespub service  |  The service temporarily stopped publishing because of a power event.
Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication  |  Information  |  103       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication/Tracing  |        |          |  Event originating from the fdrespub service  |  The service stopped publishing because the default computer information has been removed.  The user has elected to opt out of publishing on this computer.
Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication  |  Information  |  104       |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication/Tracing  |        |          |  Event originating from the fdrespub service  |  The service is publishing to the network.
Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication  |  Error        |  1000      |  0        |  System                                         |        |          |  Event originating from the fdrespub service  |  Element {Argument} could not be published because the maximum number of 20 published elements has been reached. Reduce the number of published elements or remove {Argument} from publication.
Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication  |  Error        |  1001      |  0        |  System                                         |        |          |  Event originating from the fdrespub service  |  The metadata of element {Argument} would cause the total published metadata to be more than 32k; which is the maximum allowable size for all published elements. Reduce the number of published elements; remove {Argument} from publication; or reduce the size of the metadata of element {Argument}.
Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication  |  Error        |  1002      |  0        |  System                                         |        |          |  Event originating from the fdrespub service  |  Element {Argument} failed to publish.  Ensure that both PKEY_PUBSVCS_METADATA and PKEY_PUBSVCS_TYPE are set properly on the function instance and there were no errors adding the function instance.
Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication  |  Error        |  1003      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication/Tracing  |        |          |  Event originating from the fdrespub service  |  Error calling function {Function}.  The return value was {HRESULT}.
Microsoft-Windows-ResourcePublication  |  Error        |  1004      |  0        |  System                                         |        |          |  Event originating from the fdrespub service  |  The metadata of element {Argument} is too large.  The maximum allowed size is 2048 bytes.  Reduce the size of the metadata of element {Argument}.