Provider                                        |  Level        |  Event ID  |  Version  |  Channel                                                     |  Task                                  |  Opcode                                                           |  Keyword                                                                |  Message
------------------------------------------------|---------------|------------|-----------|--------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector  |  Information  |  1001      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector/Operational  |  Lifecycle Events                      |  Events logged when the resource exhaustion detector is started.  |  Events related to lifecycle of resource exhaustion detector.           |
Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector  |  Information  |  1002      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector/Operational  |  Lifecycle Events                      |  Events logged when the resource exhaustion detector is stopped.  |  Events related to lifecycle of resource exhaustion detector.           |
Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector  |  Warning      |  1003      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector/Operational  |  Resource Exhaustion Detection Events  |  Events logged when a problem is detected.                        |  Events related to exhaustion of system commit limit (virtual memory).  |  The Windows Resource Exhaustion Detector received a notification that the computer is low on virtual memory.
Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector  |  Error        |  1005      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector/Operational  |  Lifecycle Events                      |  Events logged when the resource exhaustion detector is started.  |  Events related to lifecycle of resource exhaustion detector.           |  The Windows Resource Exhaustion Detector failed to start due to an error.
Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector  |  Error        |  1006      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector/Operational  |  Lifecycle Events                      |  Events logged when the resource exhaustion detector is stopped.  |  Events related to lifecycle of resource exhaustion detector.           |  The Windows Resource Exhaustion Detector failed to stop due to an error.
Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector  |  Error        |  1007      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector/Operational  |  Lifecycle Events                      |  Events logged after a memory allocation.                         |  Events related to lifecycle of resource exhaustion detector.           |  The Windows Resource Exhaustion Detector experienced a memory allocation failure.
Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector  |  Error        |  1008      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector/Operational  |  Resource Exhaustion Diagnosis Events  |  Contains the results of the diagnosis.                           |  Events related to exhaustion of system commit limit (virtual memory).  |  Windows failed to diagnose a low virtual memory condition.
Microsoft-Windows-Resource-Exhaustion-Detector  |  Warning      |  2004      |  0        |  System                                                      |  Resource Exhaustion Diagnosis Events  |  Contains the results of the diagnosis.                           |  Events related to exhaustion of system commit limit (virtual memory).  |  Windows successfully diagnosed a low virtual memory condition. The following programs consumed the most virtual memory: {SystemCommitCharge}1 ({SystemCommitCharge}2) consumed {SystemCommitCharge}4 bytes, {SystemCommitCharge}8 ({SystemCommitCharge}9) consumed {ProcessCommitCharge}1 bytes, and {ProcessCommitCharge}5 ({ProcessCommitCharge}6) consumed {ProcessCommitCharge}8 bytes.