Provider                       |  Level  |  Event ID    |  Version  |  Channel  |  Task  |  Opcode  |  Keyword  |  Message
-------------------------------|---------|--------------|-----------|-----------|--------|----------|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  512         |  0        |           |        |          |           |  {param1}
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488002  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System failed to fire the {param2} method on event class {param3} for publisher {param4} and subscriber {param5}. The display name of the subscription is '{param6}'. The HRESULT was {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488003  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System could not determine the name of the current user.  A call to {param3} returned error code {param1}: '{param2}'
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488004  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System failed to create an instance of the subscriber {param2}.  {param3} returned HRESULT {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488005  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System could not fire an EventObjectChange event to subscription {param2} because the query criteria string '{param3}' contained an error.  The approximate location of the error in the criteria string is at character index {param4}; the criteria sub-text at this location is '{param5}'.  The HRESULT was {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488006  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System could not fire an EventObjectChange event to subscription {param2} because a bad HRESULT was detected during filtering.  The HRESULT was {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488007  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The type library '{param2}' specified in EventClass {param3} ('{param4}') could not be loaded; or is not correct for this EventClass.  The HRESULT was {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488009  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System detected a corrupt IEventClass object.  The COM+ Event System has removed object ID {param2}.  The publisher will no longer be able to create an instance of the class.  The HRESULT was {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488010  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System detected a corrupt IEventSubscription object.  The COM+ Event System has removed object ID {param1}.  The subscriber will no longer be notified when the event occurs.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488257  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System detected a bad return code during its internal processing.  HRESULT was {param3} from line {param2} of {param1}.  This warning may be expected if the computer is low on resources.  If the computer is not low on resources; and these warnings persist; it may indicate a problem in the COM+ Event System.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  3221230082  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System detected a bad return code during its internal processing.  HRESULT was {param3} from line {param2} of {param1}.  This may indicate that the COM+ Event System is not properly installed.  Please try reinstalling the COM+ Event System.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488259  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System detected an unexpected null pointer during its internal processing; at line {param2} of {param1}.  This warning may be expected if the computer is low on resources.  If the computer is not low on resources; and these warnings persist; it may indicate a problem in the COM+ Event System.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  3221230084  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System ran out of memory during its internal processing; at line {param2} of {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488261  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System detected an unexpected error from a Win32 API call at line {param2} of {param1}.  A call to {param3} failed with error code {param5}: '{param4}'  This warning may be expected if the computer is low on resources.  If the computer is not low on resources; and these warnings persist; it may indicate a problem in the COM+ Event System.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488262  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System detected an inconsistency in its internal state.  The assertion '{param3}' failed at line {param2} of {param1}.  This warning may be expected if the computer is low on resources.  If the computer is not low on resources; and these warnings persist; it may indicate a problem in the COM+ Event System.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  3221230087  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System caught an exception {param1} at address {param2} within method {param3} of interface {param4}.{param5}
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  3221230088  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System caught an access violation at address {param1} within method {param3} of interface {param4}.  The method attempted to access address {param2}.{param5}
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  3221230091  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System could not store the per-user subscription {param2} because the registry key HKEY_USERS\{param3} could not be opened.  The HRESULT was {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  3221230092  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System detected an error trying to query an {param1} object because the criteria string '{param2}' contained an error.  The approximate location of the error is at character index {param3}; the criteria sub-text at this location is '{param4}'.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  3221230093  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System could not remove the {param2} object {param3}.Object name: {param4}Object description: {param5}The HRESULT was {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  3221230094  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System could not marshal the subscriber for subscription {param2}.  The HRESULT was {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  3221230095  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System failed to create an instance of the MultiInterfacePublisherFilter {param2} defined in event class {param3}.  {param4} returned HRESULT {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  3221230096  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System could not apply the filter criteria to subscription {param2} with display name '%6' because the criteria string '{param3}' contained an error.  The approximate location of the error is at character index {param4}; the criteria sub-text at this location is '{param5}'.  The HRESULT was {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  1073746449  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The EventSystem sub system is suppressing duplicate event log entries for a duration of {param1} seconds.  The suppression timeout can be controlled by a REG_DWORD value named {param2} under the following registry key: HKLM\{param3}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  1073746450  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System fired the {param2} method on event class {param3} for publisher {param4} and subscriber {param5} but the subscriber returned an error. The display name of the subscription is '{param6}'. The subscriber returned HRESULT {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488275  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System timed out attempting to fire the {param2} method on event class {param3} for publisher {param4} and subscriber {param5}.  The subscriber failed to respond within {param7} seconds. The display name of the subscription is '{param6}'. The HRESULT was {param1}.
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488276  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System service blocked the creation of a subscription to the event class with CLSID
Microsoft-Windows-EventSystem  |         |  2147488277  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The COM+ Event System did not fire the