Provider  |  Level        |  Event ID  |  Version  |  Channel      |  Task  |  Opcode  |  Keyword  |  Message
----------|---------------|------------|-----------|---------------|--------|----------|-----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  100       |  0        |  Operational  |        |          |           |  The security package does not cache the credentials needed to authenticate to the server.Package Name:	{PackageName}User Name:	{UserName}Domain Name:	{DomainName}Server Name:	{ServerName}Protected User:	{ProtectedUser}Error Code:	{ErrorCode}
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  200       |  0        |  Operational  |        |          |           |  A security package received a network logon request after the logoff completed.User Name:	{UserName}Domain Name:	{DomainName}Logon ID:	{LogonId}Logoff Time:	{LogoffTime}PID:	{PID}Program:	{Program}Principal Name:	{PrincipalName}Server Name:	{ServerName}Package Name:	{PackageName}Call Type:	{UserName}0Error Code:	{UserName}1
LsaSrv    |  Information  |  302       |  0        |  Operational  |        |          |           |  User {UserSid} logged off notification is received.LogonId:	{LogonId}AuthorityName:	{AuthorityName}AccountName:	{AccountName}Timeout:	{Elapse} seconds
LsaSrv    |  Information  |  303       |  0        |  Operational  |        |          |           |  The security package does not cache the user's sign on credentials.Package Name:	{PackageName}User Name:	{UserName}Domain Name:	{DomainName}Protected User:	{ProtectedUser}
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  5000      |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The security package {Package} generated an exception. The exception information is the data.
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  6025      |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  Could not upgrade the Trusted domain object for domain {Domain}. Please recreate the trust manually.
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  6027      |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  Could not upgrade the global secret {Secret}. Please check the status of all services in the system.
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  6029      |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  LSA could not update domain information in the registry to match the DS. Error={Error}.
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  6031      |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The database contains invalid information for trusted domain {Domain}.
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  6033      |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  An anonymous session connected from {Client} has attempted to open an LSA policy handle on this machine. The attempt was rejected with STATUS_ACCESS_DENIED to prevent leaking security sensitive information to the anonymous caller. The application that made this attempt needs to be fixed. Please contact the application vendor. As a temporary workaround; this security measure can be disabled by setting the \HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Lsa\TurnOffAnonymousBlock DWORD value to 1. This message will be logged at most once a day.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  6034      |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The new top level name; {TopLevelName}; has been added to the forest {Forestname}. Name suffix routing for this new name is disabled because it is not within any currently routed namespace. Objects can not be resolved from this new namespace until name suffix routing is enabled for the namespace. To enable name suffix routing; open Domains and Trusts and see help under Name Suffix Routing and Forest Trusts.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  6035      |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  During a logon attempt; the user's security context accumulated too many security IDs. This is a very unusual situation. Remove the user from some global or local groups to reduce the number of security IDs to incorporate into the security context.User's SID is {SID}If this is the Administrator account; logging on in safe mode will enable Administrator to log on by automatically restricting group memberships.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  6036      |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The program {Program}; with the assigned Process ID {PID}; supplied a NULL or empty target name for the pszTargetName parameter when calling the InitializeSecurityContext API to initiate an outbound NTLM security context. This is a security risk when mutual authentication is required.  To help protect against a malicious attack; make your code more secure. To do this; change the program so that it specifies a target name in the pszTargetName parameter field; and then recompile the code.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  6037      |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The program {Program}; with the assigned process ID {PID}; could not authenticate locally by using the target name {TargetName}. The target name used is not valid. A target name should refer to one of the local computer names; for example; the DNS host name.  Try a different target name.
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  6041      |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  A CredSSP authentication to {TargetName} failed to negotiate a common protocol version.  The remote host offered version {TargetVersion} which is not permitted by Encryption Oracle Remediation.See https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=866660 for more information.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  6182      |  0        |  Diagnostic   |        |          |           |  LogonSession alive after interactive user logoff. Indicates a possible token leak in one of the services. Logon ID:{TargetLogonId}Account Name:{AccountName}Domain Name:{DomainName}
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  29186     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  Moving the existing logon scripts from {OldScripts} to {NewScripts} failed.  The return code is the data.
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  29187     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  Running the Security Configuration Editor over the Domain Controller encountered a non-fatal error.  Further details can be obtained by examining the log file {Logfile}.  The return code is the data.
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  29188     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  An existing; incompatible trust object was found on the parent server for domain {DomainName}.  It has been removed and replaced with an updated trust.
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  29216     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  Failed to disable auto logon following the successful upgrade of a domain controller.  Unable to delete registry key {Path}.  The return code is the data.
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  29217     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  Failed to set the default logon domain to {DomainName}.  The return code is the data.
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  29221     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  During the demotion operation; the trust object on {ParentName} could not be removed.
LsaSrv    |  Error        |  29222     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |
LsaSrv    |  Information  |  29223     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |
LsaSrv    |  Information  |  29224     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |
LsaSrv    |  Information  |  29239     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  29240     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  29241     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  Dcpromo failed to configure the new starttype of {Flags} for the service {ServiceName} during forced demotion.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  29242     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  Dcpromo failed to remove the dependency of {ServiceName} on {Dependency} during forced demotion.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  32768     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The interdomain trust account for the domain {Domain} could not be deleted. The return code is the data.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  32772     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The interdomain trust account for the domain {Domain} could not be created. The return code is the data.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  32773     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  A lookup request was made that required connectivity to a domain controller in domain {Domain}. The LSA was unable to find a domain controller in the domain and thus failed the request. Please check connectivity and secure channel setup from this domain controller to the domain {TargetDomain}.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  32774     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  A lookup request was made that required connectivity to the domain controller {Domain}. The local LSA was unable to contact the LSA on the remote domain controller. Please check connectivity and secure channel setup from this domain controller to the domain controller {TargetDomain}.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  32775     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  A lookup request was made that required the lookup services on the remote domain controller {Domain}. The remote domain controller failed the request thus the local LSA failed the original lookup request. Please check connectivity and secure channel setup from this domain controller to the domain controller {TargetDomain}.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  32776     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  32777     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  32778     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The name {Name} was translated to SID {SID} from the trusted forest {Forest}. The domain portion of the SID is not in the list of acceptable SID's found on the trusted domain object; thus this name to SID translation has been ignored.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  40960     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The Security System detected an authentication error for the server {Target}. The failure code from authentication protocol {Protocol} was {Error}.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  40961     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The Security System could not establish a secured connection with the server {Target}. No authentication protocol was available.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  40962     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The Security System was unable to authenticate to the server {Target} because the server has completed the authentication; but the client authentication protocol {Protocol} has not.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  40964     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |
LsaSrv    |  Information  |  40965     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The Security System has selected {Protocol} for the authentication protocol to server {Target}.
LsaSrv    |  Information  |  40966     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The Security System has received an authentication attempt; and determined that the protocol {Protocol} preferred by the client is acceptable.
LsaSrv    |  Information  |  40967     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The Security System has received an authentication request directly for authentication protocol {Protocol}.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  40968     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |
LsaSrv    |  Information  |  40969     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  The Security System has received an authentication attempt; and determined that the protocol {Protocol} is the common protocol.
LsaSrv    |  Warning      |  45056     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |
LsaSrv    |  Information  |  45057     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  A failed logon attempt has caused a logon cache entry for user {Username} to be deleted. The authentication package was {Package}; and the error message was {Error}.
LsaSrv    |  Information  |  45058     |  0        |  System       |        |          |           |  A logon cache entry for user {UserName} was the oldest entry and was removed. The timestamp of this entry was {TimeStamp}.