Provider                         |  Level        |  Event ID  |  Version  |  Channel                                      |  Task                             |  Opcode                         |  Keyword  |  Message
---------------------------------|---------------|------------|-----------|-----------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------|---------------------------------|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Warning      |  3001      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  CreateSection                    |  UnsignedDriverLoaded           |           |  Code Integrity determined an unsigned kernel module {FileNameBuffer} is loaded into the system. Check with the publisher to see if a signed version of the kernel module is available.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Error        |  3002      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  CreateSection                    |  PageHashNotFound               |           |  Code Integrity is unable to verify the image integrity of the file {FileNameBuffer} because the set of per-page image hashes could not be found on the system.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Warning      |  3003      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  CreateSection                    |  PageHashNotFound_DbgAttached   |           |  Code Integrity is unable to verify the image integrity of the file {FileNameBuffer} because the set of per-page image hashes could not be found on the system. The image is allowed to load because kernel mode debugger is attached.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Error        |  3004      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  CreateSection                    |  FileHashNotFound               |           |  Windows is unable to verify the image integrity of the file {FileNameBuffer} because file hash could not be found on the system. A recent hardware or software change might have installed a file that is signed incorrectly or damaged; or that might be malicious software from an unknown source.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Warning      |  3005      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  CreateSection                    |  FileHashNotFound_DbgAttached   |           |  Code Integrity is unable to verify the image integrity of the file {FileNameBuffer} because a file hash could not be found on the system. The image is allowed to load because kernel mode debugger is attached.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Information  |  3006      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  PageHashFoundInCatalog           |                                 |           |  Code Integrity found a set of per-page image hashes for the file {FileNameBuffer} in a catalog {CatalogNameBuffer}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Information  |  3007      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  PageHashFoundInImageCertificate  |                                 |           |  Code Integrity found a set of per-page image hashes for the file {FileNameBuffer} in the image embedded certificate.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Information  |  3008      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  FileHashFoundInCatalog           |                                 |           |  Code Integrity found a file hash for the file {FileNameBuffer} in a catalog {CatalogNameBuffer}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Information  |  3009      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  FileHashFoundInImageCertificate  |                                 |           |  Code Integrity found a file hash for the file {FileNameBuffer} in the image embedded certificate.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Warning      |  3010      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  LoadCatalog                      |  Failed                         |           |  Code Integrity was unable to load the {FileNameBuffer} catalog.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Information  |  3011      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  LoadCatalog                      |  Stop                           |           |  Code Integrity successfully loaded the {FileNameBuffer} catalog.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Information  |  3012      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  LoadCatalog                      |  Start                          |           |  Code Integrity started loading the {FileNameBuffer} catalog.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Information  |  3013      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  ReloadCatalogs                   |  Start                          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Information  |  3014      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  ReloadCatalogs                   |  Stop                           |           |
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Information  |  3014      |  1        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  ReloadCatalogs                   |  Stop                           |           |  Code Integrity completed reloading catalogs. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Verbose      |  3015      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  ValidateFileHash                 |  Start                          |           |  Code Integrity started validating file hash of {FileNameBuffer} file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Verbose      |  3016      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  ValidateFileHash                 |  Stop                           |           |
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Verbose      |  3016      |  1        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  ValidateFileHash                 |  Stop                           |           |  Code Integrity completed validating file hash. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Verbose      |  3017      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  ValidatePageHash                 |  Start                          |           |  Code Integrity started validating page hashes of {FileNameBuffer} file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Verbose      |  3018      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  ValidatePageHash                 |  Stop                           |           |
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Verbose      |  3018      |  1        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  ValidatePageHash                 |  Stop                           |           |  Code Integrity completed validating page hashes. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Verbose      |  3019      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  LoadCatalogCache                 |  Start                          |           |  Code Integrity started loading catalog cache from {FileNameBuffer} file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Verbose      |  3020      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  LoadCatalogCache                 |  Stop                           |           |
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Verbose      |  3020      |  1        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  LoadCatalogCache                 |  Stop                           |           |  Code Integrity completed loading catalog cache. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Warning      |  3021      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  CreateSection                    |  RevokedDriverLoaded            |           |  Code Integrity determined a revoked kernel module {FileNameBuffer} is loaded into the system.  Check with the publisher to see if a new signed version of the kernel module is available.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Warning      |  3022      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  CreateSection                    |  RevokedDriverLoadedInDebugger  |           |  Code Integrity determined a revoked kernel module {FileNameBuffer} is loaded into the system. The image is allowed to load because kernel mode debugger is attached.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Error        |  3023      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  CreateSection                    |  RevokedDriverNotLoaded         |           |  Windows is unable to verify the integrity of the file {FileNameBuffer} because the signing certificate has been revoked.  Check with the publisher to see if a new signed version of the kernel module is available.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Warning      |  3024      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  SaveCatalogCache                 |  UpdateCatalogCacheFailed       |           |  Windows was unable to update the boot catalog cache file.  Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Verbose      |  3025      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  CreateSection                    |  UnsignedDriverLoaded           |           |  Code Integrity determined kernel module {FileNameBuffer} is loaded into the system which does not have a valid embedded digital signature. Check with the publisher to see if an embedded signed version of the kernel module is available.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Warning      |  3026      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Operational  |  LoadCatalog                      |  Failed                         |           |  Code Integrity was unable to load the {FileNameBuffer} catalog because the signing certificate for this catalog has been revoked.  This can result in images failing to load because a valid signature cannot be found.  Check with the publisher to see if a new signed version of the catalog and images are available.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Verbose      |  3027      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  LoadCatalogCache                 |                                 |           |  Code Integrity started loading catalog {FileNameBuffer} from the cache file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Verbose      |  3028      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  SaveCatalogCache                 |  Start                          |           |  Code Integrity started saving catalog cache to {FileNameBuffer} file.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Verbose      |  3029      |  1        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  SaveCatalogCache                 |  Stop                           |           |  Code Integrity completed saving catalog cache. Status {Status}.
Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity  |  Verbose      |  3030      |  0        |  Microsoft-Windows-CodeIntegrity/Verbose      |  SaveCatalogCache                 |                                 |           |  Code Integrity saved catalog {FileNameBuffer} to the cache file.