Provider                             |  Level  |  Event ID    |  Version  |  Channel  |  Task  |  Opcode  |  Keyword  |  Message
-------------------------------------|---------|--------------|-----------|-----------|--------|----------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  2147483651  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  A Kerberos Error Message was received: on logon session {LogonSession} Client Time: {ClientTime} Server Time: {ServerTime} Error Code: {ErrorCode} {ErrorMessage} Extended Error: {ExtendedError} Client Realm: {ClientRealm} Client Name: {ClientName} Server Realm: {ServerRealm} Server Name: {LogonSession}0 Target Name: {LogonSession}1 Error Text: {LogonSession}2 File: {LogonSession}3 Line: {LogonSession}4 Error Data is in record data.
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  1073741828  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Kerberos client received a KRB_AP_ERR_MODIFIED error from the server {Server}. The target name used was {Targetname}. This indicates that the target server failed to decrypt the ticket provided by the client. This can occur when the target server principal name (SPN) is registered on an account other than the account the target service is using. Please ensure that the target SPN is registered on; and only registered on; the account used by the server. This error can also happen when the target service is using a different password for the target service account than what the Kerberos Key Distribution Center (KDC) has for the target service account. Please ensure that the service on the server and the KDC are both updated to use the current password. If the server name is not fully qualified; and the target domain ({TargetRealm}) is different from the client domain ({ClientRealm}); check if there are identically named server accounts in these two domains; or use the fully-qualified name to identify the server.
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  1073741829  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The kerberos client received a KRB_AP_ERR_TKT_NYV error from the server {Server}. This indicates that the ticket used against that server is not yet valid (in relationship to that server time).  Contact your system administrator to make sure the client and server times are in sync; and that the KDC in realm {KDCRealm} is in sync with the KDC in the client realm.
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  65541       |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while retrieving a digital certificate from the inserted smart card. {Error}
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  2147483654  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The kerberos SSPI package generated an output token of size {NeededSize} bytes; which was too large to fit in the token buffer of size {ActualSize} bytes; provided by process id {ClientProcessID}.  The output SSPI token being too large is probably the result of the user {ClientName} being a member of a large number of groups.  It is recommended to minimize the number of groups a user belongs to. If the problem can not be corrected by reduction of the group memberships of this user; please contact your system administrator to increase the maximum token size; which in term is configured machine-wide via the following registry value: HKLM\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Lsa\Kerberos\Parameters\MaxTokenSize.
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  65542       |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred in while attempting to verify the inserted smart card: {Error}
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  3221225479  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The digitally signed Privilege Attribute Certificate (PAC) that contains the authorization information for client {ClientName} in realm {Realm} could not be validated.  This error is usually caused by domain trust failures; please contact your system administrator.
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  65543       |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while signing a message using the inserted smart card: {Error}
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  3221225480  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The Domain Controller rejected the client certificate of user {Message}; used for smartcard logon. The following error was returned from the certificate validation process: {Name}.
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  65544       |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while verifying a signed message using the inserted smart card: {Error}
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  3221225481  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The client has failed to validate the Domain Controller certificate for {Message}. The following error was returned from the certificate validation process: {Name}.
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  65545       |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while verifying the digital certificate retrieved from the inserted smart card: {Error}
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  2147483658  |  0        |           |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  65546       |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while encrypting a message using the inserted smart card: {Error}
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  3221225483  |  0        |           |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  65547       |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while decrypting a message using the inserted smart card: {Error}
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  2147483660  |  0        |           |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  65548       |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while building a certificate context: {Error}
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  13          |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while initializing the smart card logon library: {Error}
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  2147483661  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The smartcard PIN stored in Credential Manager is missing or invalid. The smartcard PIN is stored in memory only for the current interactive logon session; and is deleted if the card is removed from the reader or when the user logs off. To resolve this error; keep the card in the reader; open Credential Manager in Control Panel; and reenter the PIN for the credential {Username}.
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  2147483662  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The password stored in Credential Manager is invalid. This might be caused by the user changing the password from this computer or a different computer. To resolve this error; open Credential Manager in Control Panel; and reenter the password for the credential {Username}.
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  65550       |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while signing a message: {Error}
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  2147483663  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The kerberos SSPI package generated an output token of size {NeededSize} bytes; which was too large to fit in the token buffer of size {ActualSize} bytes; provided by process id {ClientProcessID}.  The application needs to be fixed to supply a token buffer of size at least {RequiredSize} bytes.
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  65551       |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while verifying a signed message: {Error}
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  3221225488  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The kerberos SSPI package failed to find the smartcard certificate in the certificate store. To remedy; logon as user {Username} and insert the smartcard into your smartcard reader; then use the Certificates snap-in to verify that the smartcard certificate is in the user's personal certificate store.
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  65552       |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while encrypting a message: {Error}
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  3221225489  |  0        |           |        |          |           |  The kerberos SSPI package failed to locate the forest or domain {Forest} to search.  Please ensure that the forest search order policy is correctly configured; and that this forest or domain is available.
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  65553       |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while decrypting a message: {Error}
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  65554       |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while getting some provider parameter: {Error}
Microsoft-Windows-Security-Kerberos  |         |  65555       |  0        |           |        |          |           |  An error occurred while generating a random number: {Error}