Provider                                           |  Event ID  |  Channel                                                  |  Message
---------------------------------------------------|------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-RemoteDesktopServices-RdpCoreTS  |  1         |  Microsoft-Windows-RemoteDesktopServices-RdpCoreTS/Admin  |  The {PluginName} failed to initialize. Verify that the server is correctly configured. A restart of the system may be needed.
Microsoft-Windows-RemoteDesktopServices-RdpCoreTS  |  2         |  Microsoft-Windows-RemoteDesktopServices-RdpCoreTS/Admin  |  Remote Desktop Protocol will use {PluginName} to connect to the client computer. {PluginName} is being used based on the server configuration, client configuration, and network connection.
Microsoft-Windows-RemoteDesktopServices-RdpCoreTS  |  3         |  Microsoft-Windows-RemoteDesktopServices-RdpCoreTS/Admin  |  The RemoteFX module failed to initialize. Verify that the server is correctly configured. A restart of the system may be needed. The relevant status code was {StatusCode}.
Microsoft-Windows-RemoteDesktopServices-RdpCoreTS  |  4         |  Microsoft-Windows-RemoteDesktopServices-RdpCoreTS/Admin  |  The RemoteFX module failed to initialize. Verify that the server is correctly configured. A restart of the system may be needed. The relevant status code was {StatusCode}.
Microsoft-Windows-RemoteDesktopServices-RdpCoreTS  |  5         |  Microsoft-Windows-RemoteDesktopServices-RdpCoreTS/Admin  |  The client computer does not support RemoteFX. The connection will be made with the RDP Graphics. The relevant status code was {StatusCode}.
Microsoft-Windows-RemoteDesktopServices-RdpCoreTS  |  6         |  Microsoft-Windows-RemoteDesktopServices-RdpCoreTS/Admin  |  The resolution requested by the remote client is not supported by RemoteFX. The connection will be made with RemoteFX using a supported resolution. Resolution requested by the client: {RequestedMode}. Resolution applied: {AppliedMode}.
Microsoft-Windows-RemoteDesktopServices-RdpCoreTS  |  7         |  Microsoft-Windows-RemoteDesktopServices-RdpCoreTS/Admin  |