Provider                                     |  Level    |  Event ID  |  Version  |  Channel  |  Task  |  Opcode  |  Keyword  |  Message
---------------------------------------------|-----------|------------|-----------|-----------|--------|----------|-----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Error    |  1100      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |  TS RDPDR Device Redirection failed to initialize for a single user session {Param1}.  Serial; Parallel; Printer; and File System Redirection will be disabled.  Look in the System event log for other related errors.
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Error    |  1102      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |  Driver {Param1} required for printer {Param2} is not installed on the server. Contact the administrator to install the driver before you log in again.
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Error    |  1103      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Error    |  1105      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |  Printer security information for the printer {Param1} could not be set.
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Error    |  1107      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |  The printer {Param1} could not be deleted.
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Warning  |  1108      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |  Configuration information for the {Param1} printer could not be restored.
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Error    |  1109      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |  The {Param1} printer could not be set as the default printer.
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Error    |  1110      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |  An error occurred during processing of {Param1}. The file might be corrupted. Run Setup again to reinstall the file.
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Error    |  1111      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |  Driver {Param1} required for printer {Param2} is unknown. Contact the administrator to install the driver before you log in again.
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Error    |  1112      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Error    |  1113      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Warning  |  1114      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Error    |  1115      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Error    |  1116      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |  The printer {Param1} cannot be redirected by using Remote Desktop Easy Print. The client computer may not have a version of the Remote Desktop Connection client or Microsoft .NET Framework installed that supports this driver.
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Error    |  1123      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |  The Print Spooler failed to add the printer {Param1}; port {Param2} because of a port error. The Print Spooler will not try again to add the printer.
Microsoft-Windows-TerminalServices-Printers  |  Error    |  1124      |  0        |  Admin    |        |          |           |  The number of printers per session limit was reached. The following print queue was not created: Printer = {Param1}Port = {Param2}