Provider                    |  Level        |  Event ID  |  Version  |  Channel  |  Task               |  Opcode                       |  Keyword                   |  Message
----------------------------|---------------|------------|-----------|-----------|---------------------|-------------------------------|----------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  1         |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Queue               |
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  2         |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Queue               |
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  3         |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Queue               |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) replaced driver map settings {DriverName} with {NewDriver} for queue {PrinterName}. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  4         |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Queue               |  Printer queue {PrinterName} will be restored without a separator page. Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to create a separator file for this queue. Error: {ErrorCode}
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  5         |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print BRM                 |
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  6         |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Queue               |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) successfully restored print queue {PrinterName}. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  7         |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Queue               |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) restored queue {PrinterName}, but failed to restore printer driver settings. Error {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the driver on the destination server is newer than the driver in the migration file. Open the printer Properties dialog box on the destination computer and manually specify the appropriate printer settings.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  8         |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Queue               |  While attempting to publish the printer to the Active Directory directory service, Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) may have failed to adjust publishing settings for {PrinterName}. This can occur if Printbrm.exe cannot access Active Directory. Manually publish the printer using the printer Properties dialog box.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  9         |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Queue               |  Printer queue {PrinterName} already exists on the destination computer. Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) will update the printer settings to match the settings on the source computer. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  10        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Queue               |  Printer queue {PrinterName} already exists on the destination computer and will not be changed because Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) was run in 'Keep Existing' mode. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  11        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Queue               |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to restore print queue {PrinterName} because port {PortName} is unknown. Printbrm.exe will attempt to restore the print queue on port FILE: instead. This can occur if the backup file contains incomplete data about the port, or if the port or port settings are incompatible with the version of Windows installed on the destination computer. Recreate the affected port on the destination computer and then change the print queue to use the new port.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  12        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Queue               |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) successfully installed printer queue {PrinterName} on port FILE:. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  13        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Queue               |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to restore printer queue {PrinterName} on port FILE:. Error {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the backup file contains incomplete data about the port, or if the port or port settings are incompatible with the version of Windows installed on the destination computer. Recreate the affected port on the destination computer.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  14        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Processor           |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) successfully restored {PrintProcessorName}. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  15        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Processor           |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to restore print processor {PrintProcessorName} while restoring print queues from a file.  Error: {ErrorCode}. Examine the Windows error returned by this event to determine the cause.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  16        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Printer Language Monitor  |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) could not back up a dependent file for a language monitor. Dependent file: {FileName}. Error: {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the file was deleted or moved.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  17        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Printer Language Monitor  |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) successfully restored language monitor {LanguageMonitor}. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  18        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Printer Language Monitor  |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) could not restore language monitor {LanguageMonitor} while restoring print queues from a file. Check the print queue backup file and examine the Windows error returned by this event to determine the cause.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  19        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Printer Language Monitor  |  The language monitors in the backup file are for a different processor architecture than the destination computer. Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) will not migrate any language monitors. Source architecture: {SourceArchitecture}. Destination architecture: {TargetArchitecture}.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Warning      |  20        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |                               |  Print Driver              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) restored a driver for a different processor architecture than that of the destination computer. Printbrm.exe will attempt to locate and install a native version of driver {DriverName} on destination {TargetServerArchitecture}. Try to print to the print queue, and if necessary, manually install a native version of the driver.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  21        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Driver              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) successfully installed driver {DriverName} for the processor architecture of the destination computer. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  22        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Driver              |  The driver in the backup file is for a different processor architecture than the destination computer, and Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) could not locate and install a native version of the driver. Driver: {DriverName}. Destination architecture: {TargetServerArchitecture}. Error: {ErrorCode}. Install a native version of the driver on the destination computer and then retry importing the print queues.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  23        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Driver              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) successfully installed driver {DriverName} ({Architecture}) from a cabinet (.cab) file. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  24        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Driver              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) could not restore driver {DriverName} ({Architecture}) because it was backed up on the source computer without its binary files. Printbrm.exe could not install the driver from the local driver cabinet (.cab) file on the destination computer. Error: {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the user did not save the driver binary files while backing up the print queue, or when restoring a print queue on a destination computer that uses a different processor architecture than the source computer. Install the driver manually on the destination computer or back up the print queue with its binary files. Then, retry importing the print queues.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  25        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Driver              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) successfully installed driver {DriverName} ({Architecture}) from files. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  26        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Driver              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) could not restore driver {DriverName} ({Architecture}) from files.  Error reported: {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the driver requires a file that Printbrm.exe did not back up or if the user does not have permission to install drivers on the destination computer.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  27        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Driver              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to remove driver temporary folder {DirectoryName}. Error {ErrorCode}. Manually delete the temporary files and folder.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  28        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Driver              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to copy {Source} to {Destination}. Error {ErrorCode} occurred while it was restoring print queues from a file. This can occur if the user does not have proper permissions on the destination computer, if the backup file is corrupted, or if the system is unstable. Retry exporting the printer queues on the source computer.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  29        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Printer Port              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) could not convert Line Printer Remote (LPR) port {Port} to a standard TCP/IP printer port. Cannot get device settings. Error {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the LPR port was incorrectly configured. Manually create a standard TCP/IP printer port for the printer.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  30        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Printer Port              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to restore the Line Printer Remote (LPR) printer port {PortName} because the length of the port name is too long. len >= MAX_PORTNAME_LEN: Error {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the backup file contains incomplete data about the port, or if the port or port settings are incompatible with the version of Windows installed on the destination computer. Recreate the affected port on the destination computer.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  31        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Printer Port              |  Port {PortName} already exists. Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) will skip restoring this port. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  32        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Printer Port              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) port install status: {Status}. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  33        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Form                |
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  34        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Form                |
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  35        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Form                |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) successfully saved {NumberOfForms} user forms. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  36        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Form                |
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  37        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Form                |
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  38        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) could not load .xml file {FileName} while restoring print queues from a file.  Error: {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the user does not have proper permissions on the destination computer, if the backup file is corrupted, or if the system is unstable. Retry exporting the printer queues on the source computer.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  39        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Processor           |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) could not find the printer driver migration plug-in DLL {PluginDllName} for print processor {ProcessorName}. Printbrm.exe will skip this file and attempt to migrate the driver, but the printer might not work. This can occur due to a problem with the migration plug-in provided by the printer driver. Try to print to the affected printer and install a newer version of the driver, if necessary.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  40        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) changed the spooler folder to: {FolderName}. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  41        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) successfully restored the print queue, but could not change spooler folder to {FolderName}. This path does not exist, so Printbrm.exe used the default spooler folder location (%WINDIR%\System32\Spool\Printers). This can occur if the configuration of the source computer is different from the destination computer. No user action is required unless you want to use a custom spooler folder location.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  42        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) successfully restored the print queue, but could not change the location of the spooler folder. Error {ErrorCode}. Printbrm.exe used the default spooler folder location (%WINDIR%\System32\Spool\Printers). This can occur if the configuration of the source computer is different from the destination computer. No user action is required unless you want to use a custom spooler folder location.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  43        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) changed the spooler log level to: {LogLevel}. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  44        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) successfully restored the print queue, but could not change the spooler log level. Error reported: {ErrorCode}. No user action is required unless you want to change the default spooler log level.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  45        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) is backing up printer objects on server: {ServerName}. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  46        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to place a file in cabinet (CAB) file {CabFileName} while backing up print queues. Error reported: {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the user does not have permission to create a file in the destination location, or if there is insufficient disk space or system resources.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  47        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to create destination file {FileName} while backing up print queues. Error reported: {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the user does not have permission to create a file in the destination location, or if there is insufficient disk space or system resources.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  48        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) could not load printer driver migration plug-in DLL {PluginDllName}. Error: {ErrorCode}. Printbrm.exe will attempt to migrate the driver, but the printer might not work because of missing files. This can occur due to a problem with the migration plug-in provided by the printer driver. Try to print to the affected printer and install a newer version of the driver, if necessary.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  49        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  The printer driver migration plug-in {PluginDllName} is incompatible with this version of Windows. Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) will attempt to migrate the driver, but the printer might not work because of missing files. This can occur due to a problem with the migration plug-in provided by the printer driver. Try to print to the affected printer and install a newer version of the driver, if necessary.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  50        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  The printer driver migration plug-in {PluginDllName} ran with error: {ErrorCode}. Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) will attempt to migrate the driver, but the printer might not work because of missing files. This can occur due to a problem with the migration plug-in provided by the printer driver. Try to print to the affected printer and install a newer version of the driver, if necessary.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  51        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) successfully ran printer driver migration plug-in {PluginDllName}. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  52        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Processor           |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) could not restore print processor {ProcessorName} because it is already installed on the destination computer. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  53        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  While Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) was restoring a print queue from backup, the following service control function {FunctionName} on computer {ComputerName} returned error {ErrorCode}. This can occur if Printbrm.exe cannot locate all files for a print processor, cannot stop the print spooler or the Cluster service, or if either of these services become unresponsive during installation of the print processor. If printing fails, manually install the print processor on the destination computer and examine the Print Spooler service and/or the Cluster service.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  54        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print BRM                 |  The service {ServiceName} is now running on server {ServerName}. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  55        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print BRM                 |  The service {ServiceName} is now stopped on server {ServerName}. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  56        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  While restoring a print queue from backup, Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to stop service {ServiceName} on computer {ComputerName}. Error {ErrorCode}. Try printing to the affected printer to determine if there is a problem.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  57        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  While restoring a print queue from backup, Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to start service {ServiceName} on computer {ComputerName}. Error {ErrorCode}. Try printing to the affected printer to determine if there is a problem.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  58        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Processor           |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) did not overwrite print processor file {FileName} because the file on the destination system has an identical (or newer) time stamp. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  59        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Processor           |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) copied print processor file {SourceFile} to {DestinationFile}. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  60        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Processor           |  While restoring a print queue from backup, Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to copy print processor file {SourceFile} to {DestinationFile}. Error {ErrorCode}. This can occur if Printbrm.exe cannot locate all files for a print queue, or if the Print Spooler service cannot be stopped during installation of the print processor. If printing fails, manually install the print processor on the destination computer.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  61        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation success  |  Printer Port              |  The device {HostName} {DeviceSection} supports more than one port. Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) will convert the first port on the device from a Line Printer Remote (LPR) port to a standard TCP/IP port. The port on the device might need to be reconfigured.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  62        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Printer Port              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to restore the Line Printer Remote (LPR) port {PortName} because the LPR port monitor is not installed on the destination computer. Install the LPR port monitor on the destination computer.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  63        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Printer Port              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to restore the Line Printer Remote (LPR) port {Port} while restoring print queues from a previously created backup file. Error code: {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the backup file contains incomplete data about the port, or if the port or port settings are incompatible with the version of Windows installed on the destination computer. Recreate the affected port on the destination computer.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  64        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Printer Port              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to restore the standard TCP/IP printer port {Port}. Error: {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the backup file contains incomplete data about the port, or if the port or port settings are incompatible with the version of Windows installed on the destination computer. Recreate the affected port on the destination computer.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  65        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Queue               |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to restore printer driver settings ({KeyName}, {ValueName}). Error {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the driver on the destination server is newer than the driver in the migration file. Open the printer Properties dialog box on the destination computer and manually specify the appropriate printer settings.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  66        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Queue               |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) cannot apply new settings for printer queue {PrinterName} because port {PortName} that is saved in the cabinet (.cab) file does not exist on the destination server. This can occur if Printbrm.exe failed to migrate the port. Manually install the appropriate port, and then specify the appropriate printer settings or retry importing the print queue.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  67        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) could not open registry key {KeyName}. Error code {ErrorCode}. This can occur if an important Windows resource (such as the registry) is unavailable, if the Component Object Model (COM) cannot be initialized, or if Printbrm.exe cannot allocate memory. Examine the Windows error returned by this event to determine the cause.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  68        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) could not create a cabinet (CAB) file at this location: {PathName}. Error reported: {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the user does not have permission to create a file in the destination location, or if there is insufficient disk space or system resources.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  69        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Printer Port              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to restore the standard TCP/IP printer port {PortName} because the length of the host IP address {Address} is too long to be restored on operating systems older than Windows Vista.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  70        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to save separator file {FileName} because the file or path does not exist. This can occur when a separator page cannot be found during the backup process on the source computer.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  71        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) could not access the print$ share on {ComputerName}. Error reported: {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the destination computer does not have any shared printers.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  72        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) was unable to access the Remote Registry service on {ComputerName}. Error reported: {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the Remote Registry service is not started or if the computer is behind a firewall.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  73        |  0        |  Admin    |  General operation  |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print BRM                 |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) reset the availability information for the print queue because the StartTime or UntilTime values were invalid. Error {ErrorCode}. The printer will be always available until you use the Advanced tab of the printer's Properties dialog box to specify the correct availability.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Information  |  74        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation success  |  Print Driver              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) successfully installed driver {DriverName} ({Architecture}) from a driver package. No user action is required.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  75        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Driver              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) could not restore driver {DriverName} ({Architecture}) from a driver package.  Error: {ErrorCode}.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  76        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Driver              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to backup driver {DriverName} ({Architecture}). The backup process will continue, skipping this driver. Error: {ErrorCode}.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  77        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Driver              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to backup port {PortName}. The backup process will continue, skipping this port. Error: {ErrorCode}.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  78        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Processor           |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to back up print processor {PrintProcessorName} ({PrintProcessorArchitecture}). Error: {ErrorCode}.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  79        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Processor           |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to back up print processor files for architecture {PrintProcessorArchitecture}. Error: {ErrorCode}.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  80        |  0        |  Admin    |  Backup             |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Queue               |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to back up print queue {PrinterName}. The backup process will continue, skipping this queue. Error: {ErrorCode}.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  81        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Queue               |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to restore print queue {PrinterName}. The restore process will continue, skipping this queue. Error: {ErrorCode}.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  82        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Print Queue               |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to create a new separator file folder while restoring print queue {PrinterName}. This can occur if the user does not have permission to create a file in the destination location, or if there is insufficient disk space or system resources. The print queue was not restored successfully.  Error: {ErrorCode}.
Microsoft-Windows-PrintBRM  |  Error        |  83        |  0        |  Admin    |  Restore            |  Print BRM operation failure  |  Printer Port              |  Printbrm.exe (the Printer Migration Wizard or the command-line tool) failed to restore the WSD printer port described by the remote URL or global identifier {Port}. Error: {ErrorCode}. This can occur if the backup file contains incomplete data about the port, or if the port or port settings are incompatible with the version of Windows installed on the destination computer. Recreate the affected port on the destination computer.